atchczdedkeseuiefritnlplptroseuk Whole Almonds Price Regular Price: £10.99 Final Price: £8.49 Save £2.50 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Size 500g Description Whole Almonds 100% whole, skin-on, unroasted and unsalted almonds. An ultra convenient and delicious source of protein, perfect for snacking on the go or as an extra source of nutrition between meals. Our Whole Almonds are almond seeds in their purest and most natural form. Skin-on, unroasted, unsalted, and with 27g of protein per 100g, they’re an excellent source of protein and a great way to contribute to muscle mass maintenance with natural nutrition. Our 100% raw Whole Almonds can be eaten straight from their pouch as a delicious and healthy snack, or added to other foods as an extra source of protein. \ Purpose Our Whole Almonds are perfect for anyone looking for an easy and delicious snack at any time of day. Edible straight from the pack, they’re a great option for anyone who wants to increase their protein consumption to help growth and maintenance of muscle mass. \ Benefits Built for Bulking Load up on calories with minimal hassle: 581kcal per 100g. Source of protein With 27g of protein per 100g, whole almonds are an excellent way to add protein into your diet. Directions Directions Great in porridge and granola or eaten as a snack. WARNING: Nuts may be a choking hazard for small children. Ingredients Ingredients Almonds. \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice For allergens, see ingredients in bold. May also contain traces of other nuts and peanuts. \ Storage Store in a dry cool place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g Energy kJ/kcal 2534/581 Fat of which saturates 56g 4.7g Carbohydrate of which sugars 6.9g 4.2g Fibre 7.4g Protein 21g Salt 0g typeId recently-viewed count 6