plfrchczsenliedkesrodeptitukateu Flaxseed Oil Softgels 1000mg Price Regular Price: £9.99 Final Price: £7.49 Save £2.50 Clearance Sale: Now or never QTY 90 Softgels Description Flaxseed Oil Softgels 1000mg Premium flaxseed oil in a convenient softgel form, contains omega 3 essential fatty acids in a simple supplement. Omega fatty acids, like omega 3 and omega 6, are known as essential fatty acids, meaning your body can’t produce them on its own so you have to get them through your diet or nutritional supplements. These Flaxseed Oil Softgels provide a dose of alpha-linoleic acid (omega 3) in an easy-to-take softgel form. Each 1000mg Flaxseed Oil Softgel provides you with a dose of alpha-linolenic acid, contributing to the maintenance of normal blood cholesterol levels. \ Purpose Our Flaxseed Oil Softgels are an ideal nutritional supplement for anyone who wants a convenient way to increase their daily intake of omega 3 essential fatty acids. \ Benefits Healthy Heart Alpha-Linolenic Acid (ALA) contributes to the maintenance of normal blood cholesterol levels. Optimal Doses Dosed to optimal levels for the best nutrition. Incredible Price A premium flaxseed oil supplement at a great price. Directions Directions Take 3 softgels per day, ideally with food. Ingredients Ingredients Flaxseed Oil, Softgel (Gelatin, Glycerine, Purified Water), Antioxidant (Mixed Tocopherols). \ Suitable For Halal \ Allergen advice May contain soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (3 Softgels) Flaxseed Oil 3000mg (Alpha-Linolenic Acid 1500mg) typeId recently-viewed count 6