ptitchsedkczfreunlroesdeukplieat Creatine Monohydrate Powder Price Regular Price: £29.99 Final Price: £13.99 Save £16.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Apple & Lime Blue Raspberry Mixed Berry Passionfruit Unflavoured Tropical Vanilla Pineapple Size 100g 200g 500g 1kg Description Creatine Monohydrate Powder Approved by men’s and women’s health Increase your power and push your limits with Creatine Monohydrate. Trusted by pros and everyday athletes alike, it’s the most researched sports supplement on the market — and Men’s and Women’s Health agree. Add it to your daily routine to build strength faster and see what you can really do. Why should I take it? Hit reps hard. Lift heavier. Crush your PB's. All with creatine. How? It enhances energy production in your muscles, improving your performance in short-term, high intensity exercise. It’s the ultimate workout partner. To maintain optimum levels, we recommend consuming 1-2 servings every day. Bulk Protip: Add the unflavoured creatine monohydrate to your regular daily shake. *Creatine contributes to an increase in physical performance during successive bursts of short term, high intensity exercise. The beneficial effect is obtained with a daily intake of 3 g of creatine. Why it works POWER THROUGH EXTRA REPS with research-backed performance CRUSH YOUR PB’S with increased strength and power BUILD STRENGTH FASTER and see what you can really do Directions Directions How do I use it? Mix 2 scoops (approximately 5g) with 200ml water in a shaker. Bulk Protip: Add to your daily protein shake to see the best results Go classic with vanilla or get on the freshness of the fruity flavours. If you prefer Unflavoured, combine it with your pre or post-workout shake Have 1-2 servings daily Go make it count in your workout \ Related Products Looking for more creatine options? Check out our full range. Fast-release carbohydrates such as Maltodextrinor Dextrose have been proven to improve Creatine uptake. This is the speed at which Creatine is absorbed and delivered to the working muscles. Some studies have also advocated the use of D-Ribose in conjunction with Creatine. Check out our full range of creatine supplements, including creatine HCL, creapure, and creatine tablets. Looking to add protein to your routine alongside creatine? Check out our Pure Whey Protein™. Or, if you're looking for a whey alternative, try our Beef Protein Isolate. Looking for a more filtered protein option? Try our Pure Whey Isolate™. Prefer a lighter, more refreshing option? Try our Clear Whey Isolate. Looking to increase your calorie intake? Try our Mass Gainer. Looking for a plant-based protein option? Try our Vegan Protein Powder. Or for another vegan-friendly option, check out our Pea Protein Isolate. Craving a protein snack on the go? Give our Macro Munch Bar a try!Or you can combine it with our Essential Amino Acidsto expand your nutritional intake. Looking to stay hydrated while fueling your workouts? Try our Electrolyte Powder. Or prefer our Complete Hydration Drink for hydration and energy? Ingredients Ingredients Creatine Monohydrate. \ Suitable For Vegetarian,Halal,Vegan \ Allergen advice May contain milk, eggs, soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a dry cool place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving Creatine Monohydrate 5 g of which Creatine 4.4 g FAQs FAQs What is creatine monohydrate? Creatine monohydrate is one of the most common forms of creatine. It is simply creatine with one water molecule attached to it, hence "monohydrate." This is thought to be the most absorbable and effective form of creatine. It works by enhancing energy production in the muscles, leading to increased physical activity in successive bursts of short-term, high-intensity exercise. Is it safe to take creatine monohydrate everyday? Yes, taking creatine monohydrate daily within recommended doses is generally safe and sees the best results for healthy individuals. Does creatine make you stronger? Long-term creatine supplementation (4-12 weeks) in combination with an effective training program can help increase both strength and muscle size. It enhances muscle performance by promoting the production of ATP (adenosine triphosphate), the primary energy source for muscle contractions. How long after taking creatine will I see results? The timing of results can vary, but many individuals experience noticeable benefits from creatine supplementation within a few weeks. This is also dependent on consistent use of creatine, as well as adherence to an effective training plan. Is a "loading phase" recommended? While a loading phase can help saturate muscle stores more quickly, it is not necessary. Starting with a maintenance dose (around one serving per day) can still yield positive results over time. The decision to use a loading phase depends on personal preference and goals. typeId recently-viewed count 6