plptdkatitchnlukdeieroessefrczeu Peanut category foods/nut-butters/peanut The most popular of all the nuts, the humble Peanut is packed with protein and essential fats. From our best-selling Peanut Butter to our delicious range of Flavoured Peanut Butters, including Coconut Peanut Butter, 4 Seed Peanut Butter, and even Powdered Peanut Butter, we have something for everyone. If you're looking for on-the-go snacks, grab a Macro Munch Protein Bar or satisfy your cravings with our Macro Munch Protein Biscuits instead. You can also find our full range of protein snacks. And for a delicious way to add protein to your breakfast or desserts, don’t miss our Protein Spread. Peanut butter FAQS What is peanut butter? Peanut butter is one of the most popular spreads out there made from ground or dry-roasted peanuts. Usually available in a crunchy or smooth variety, it’s a solid (and delicious) source of protein. How much protein is in peanut butter? Typically, 100 grams of peanut butter contain 28 grams of protein. That usually translates to 7.02 grams of protein per 2 tablespoon servings. Is peanut butter a good source of protein? With 28g of protein per 100g, peanut butter is an easy way to add extra protein into your diet. Even though peanut butter is a solid source of protein, it doesn’t contain all essential amino acids, so it’s not a complete protein. That means you should diversify your protein intake as much as possible to make sure you cover all 9 essential amino acids. You can do this by eating a range of plant and animal protein sources. Is peanut butter healthy? Peanut butter is high in calories, saturated fats and sodium and therefore should be consumed in moderation. If you stick to the recommended daily amount of 1-2 tablespoons, it won’t negatively affect your health and diet. Can you eat peanut butter every day? Yes, but you can have too much of a good thing. As always, your portions are key. As long as you don’t go over the recommended 1-2 tablespoons per day, peanut butter can be eaten every day. What is the shelf life of peanut butter? Natural peanut butters last for several months. You might experience some oil separation in the tub, but that’s completely normal. Just stir your peanut butter to return it to its tasty original state! Style plp-secondary-info RELATED CATEGORIES Nut butters Almond butters Cashew butters Hazelnut butters Pistachio butters Style lozenge-list