atchczdedkeseuiefritnlplptroseuk Vegan BCAA Price Regular Price: £39.99 Final Price: £22.84 Save £17.15 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Mixed Berry Unflavoured Size 500g Description Vegan BCAA Our vegan friendly pure BCAA formula, providing 100% fermented BCAA in a 2:1:1 ratio of leucine, isoleucine and valine. Instantised for easy mixing and available flavoured or unflavoured, providing atleast 8g of BCAAs in a single serving. BCAAs are essential nutrients for any active lifestyle, and can only be obtained from your diet. They’re often difficult to obtain from non-animal foods, meaning some people struggle to get their required intake without added supplementation. This Vegan BCAA formula solves that problem, providing pure BCAAs in a plant-based formulation. Our Vegan BCAA provides 100% pure fermented leucine, isoleucine and valine in a standard 2:1:1 ratio, perfect for us in pre-workout or intra-workout formulas. We’ve also added a small amount of sunflower lecithin to instantise the formula, meaning it mixes easily with no lumps or residue. \ Purpose Our Vegan BCAA is ideal for anyone on a vegan or meat-free diet who wants to ensure they’re getting a steady supplement of BCAAs in their diet. The unflavoured formula is great for mixing into your favourite pre- or intra-workout formula, or if taste is important to you, try one of our mouth watering flavoured formulas. \ Benefits Morning, Noon or Night Great any time of day, pre-, intra- or post-workout. Full of Flavour Available in a range of refreshing flavours, or unflavoured for serious trainers. Mix It Up Combine it with other supplements if you want to expand your nutritional intake. Smooth Texture Instantised for easy mixing with no lumps. Vegan Friendly Appropriate for athletes on a vegan diet, providing vital amino acids. Directions Directions Mix 3/4 (three quarters) of a scoop (10g) with 500ml cold water and shake. Take 1-2 servings per day; Vegan BCAA Powder can be taken before, during and after exercise. \ Related Products Vegan BCAA can be used alongside many of our other popular vegan products, such as Vegan Protein Powder, Vegan Mass Gainer and Vegan Protein Bars. Looking for a vegan protein snack on the go? Try our Vegan Protein Brownie. Ingredients Ingredients Fermented L-Leucine, Fermented L-Isoleucine, Fermented L-Valine, Emulsifier (Sunflower Lecithin). \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain milk, eggs, soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a dry cool place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (10 g) Isoleucine 2.5g Leucine 5g Valine 2.5g typeId recently-viewed count 6