plateuieptitrodesedkchczesukfrnl Vegan Protein Pancake Mix Price Regular Price: £14.99 Final Price: £7.99 Save £7.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Vanilla Size 500g 1kg Description Vegan Protein Pancake Mix Whipping up American-style pancakes couldn’t be simpler. Our improved Vegan Protein Pancake Mix recipe has been refined to give you showstopping pancakes in minutes. We’ve blended brown rice protein, pea protein and quinoa flour to create light, fluffy pancakes. And with an impressive 17g protein per serving, you’re a step towards your nutrition goals. Ready to mix up a masterpiece? Choose from Lemon, Maple Syrup and Vanilla flavours. Enjoy as a high-protein breakfast, a mid-afternoon snack or a tasty dessert to curb those sweet cravings. We’ve worked hard on the recipe so you don’t have to. Just add water, pour into a pan and you’re ready to flip. It’s time to stack and serve with your favourite toppings. Our Zero Calorie Syrup™ or Peanut Butter make the perfect partners. You choose. \ Benefits High Protein Each serving contains 17g of protein Combined Plant Protein A combined vegan protein blend of chickpea, pea and quinoa protein Full of Flavour Light and fluffy american style pancakes available in 3 delicious flavours Morning, Noon or Night Super quick and easy to prepare and perfect for any time of day Directions Directions Place 2 scoops (approximately 50g) of powder into a mixing bowl and add 70ml - 80ml of water, depending on how thick you like your pancakes, and stir until fully mixed. Heat a little oil in a non-stick frying pan. Using a spoon, drop a large spoonful of the mixture into the pan and cook on a medium-high heat for approximately 2-3 minutes on each side until lightly browned. Serve with your favourite pancake toppings. \ Related Products Looking for a vegan protein snack on the go? Try our Vegan Protein Brownie. Or check out our full range of protein bars. For a delicious and nutritious addition to your protein shake, try out our full peanut butter range. Ingredients Ingredients Self Raising Flour (Wheat Flour, Raising Agents (Calcium Phosphate, Sodium Bicarbonate)), Brown Rice Protein, Pea Protein Isolate, Quinoa Flour, Flavouring, Raising Agent (Sodium Bicarbonate), Emulsifier (Sunflower Lecithin), Sweeteners (Steviol Glycosides from Stevia, Sucralose). \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice For allergens, including cereals containing gluten, see ingredients in bold. May contain milk, eggs, soya, other cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. \ Advisory Information Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g per serving (50g) Energy kJ/kcal 1474/348 737/174 Fat of which saturates 1.5g 0.4g 0.8g 0.2g Carbohydrate of which sugars 48g 1.6g 24g 0.8g Fibre 4.2g 2.1g Protein 34g 17g Salt 2.1g 1.05g typeId recently-viewed count 6