deatdkpliechptczeuesfrseuknlitroeu LiquiFlav™ Price Regular Price: £5.99 Final Price: £4.69 Save £1.30 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Chocolate Chocolate Hazelnut Raspberry Strawberry Vanilla Description LiquiFlav™ A delicious, liquid flavouring system, offering an easy way to turn your favourite unflavoured ingredients into great tasting drinks. Our LiquiFlav™ is the ultimate in liquid flavouring, providing flavour, colour and sweetness in an all in one system. It’s the perfect way to add flavour to your unflavoured formulas without loading up on unnecessary sugars. LiquiFlav™ is ultra-concentrated, is great value for money. Available in multiple flavours, LiquiFlav&TRADE; uses zero-calorie sweetener sucralose instead of sugar, meaning you can get all the flavour with none of the sugar. \ Purpose Our LiquiFlav™ formula is ideal for anyone looking to add flavour to their protein without any unnecessary sugars or calories, and can be used to flavour any unflavoured product from Bulk. It’s also great for flavouring other foods, including yoghurts, cereals, smoothies and pre-workouts. \ Benefits Easy Dosing Convenient ‘dropper’ bottle makes dosing easy. Full of Flavour Available in multiple flavours, including Raspberry and Chocolate Mint. Directions Directions Dispense 10 drops into 200ml liquid. Adjust serving size and water measurement up or down slightly to taste depending on the product being flavoured. \ Related Products Use LiquiFlav™ to flavour almost anything which is unflavoured, such as, Leucine, Creatine Monohydrate, Glutamine and Complete Protein Porridge™. Looking for a syrup instead of a liquid flavouring? Try our Zero Calorie Syrup. Ingredients Ingredients Flavouring, Natural Colouring (Beetroot Red), Sweetener (Sucralose). \ Suitable For Halal \ Allergen advice \ Storage Store in a dry cool place. \ Advisory Information Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. typeId recently-viewed count 6