plczderochdknlfrseptesateuitukie Complete Intra-Workout™ Price Regular Price: £36.99 Final Price: £9.24 Save £27.75 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Apple & Raspberry Lemon & Lime Size 500g Description Complete Intra-Workout™ An ideal formula to sip throughout your sessions, loaded with 10g of branched chain amino acids including 6g of leucine, as well as 3.5g of L-glutamine and 2g of citrulline malate. If you want a little something extra to help you through each workout, look no further. Our Intra-Workout Drink formula is ideal for sipping in between sets, packed with an impressive 15.5g of active ingredients designed to support you through every rep. Each 20g serving of Intra-Workout Drink provides a massive 10g of BCAAs, including 6g of the key amino acid leucine. On top of this, we added 2g of citrulline malate and 3.5g of l-glutamine, an abundant amino acid that’s prominent in muscle tissue. \ Purpose Intra-Workout Drink is ideal if you’re looking for a delicious nutritional drink to enjoy during your training sessions. Simply mix up a serving and enjoy it in sips as you work through your routine for a steady supply of amino acids. \ Benefits Ideal Intra-Workout The ideal supplement to sip through your workout, giving you the nutrition you need to seriously train. Optimal Doses Every ingredient is dosed to optimal levels, some higher than any competing product. Full of Flavour Available in a range of delicious flavours. Directions Directions Mix 1.5 scoops (approximately 20g) in 500ml water and consume during exercise, 1-2 servings per day. \ Related Products For total pre, during and post-workout nutrition, Complete Intra-Workout™ combines perfectly with Complete Pre-Workout™ and Complete All in One™. Whey Protein and Complete Multivitamin Complex™ are other staple supplements that should be included within any supplement regimen. Discover our full range of intra workout supplements and Pre Workout Supplements. You can also combine it with our Essential Amino Acidsto expand your nutritional intake. Craving a protein snack on the go? Give our Macro Munch Bar a try! Looking to stay hydrated during your workout? Try our Electrolyte Powder. Or prefer our Complete Hydration Drink for hydration and energy? Ingredients Ingredients Instantised BCAA (Leucine, Isoleucine, Valine, Sunflower Lecithin), L-Glutamine, Maltodextrin, Citrulline Malate, L-Leucine, Flavouring, Acid (Citric Acid), Sweetener (Sucralose), Colour (Beetroot Red). \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain milk, eggs, soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a dry cool place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g per serving (20g) Energy kJ/kcal 1530/365 306/73 Fat of which saturates 0g 0g 0g 0g Carbohydrate of which sugars 19g 0.5g 3.8g 0g Fibre 0g 0g Protein 73g 16g Salt 0g 0g \ Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (20g) Citrulline Malate 2g Glutamine 3.5g BCAA (3:1:1) 10g typeId recently-viewed count 6