plitptseatieczesdkderofreuchnluk NEED A DIET PROTEIN TO SUPPORT YOUR WEIGHT LOSS GOALS? We have a range of high protein, low fat, low carb, low calorie protein powders to help you achieve the body you want and the recovery you need, after a hard training session. But we don't sell different protein to boys and girls - it's all the same, it's just people have different personal goals. Protein is protein, and ours is the highest quality and lowest priced in the UK. Popular Diet Whey Protein Shakes for Weight Loss Any of our BULK POWDERS™ protein powders are a fantastic addition to a weight loss training plan. Each supplement is low carb and low fat, meaning you aren't consuming unnecessary calories as you watch your waistline. The high protein content will support muscle repair and recovery post-training, whilst also increasing your feeling of satiety, so you're less likely to snack on things you shouldn't inbetween meals. Ingredient Breakdown (grams per serving) CUTTING EDGE™ Protein Buy Now Complete Diet Protein™ ADVANCED Buy Now Pure Whey Protein™ Buy Now Pure Whey Isolate 90™ Buy Now Summary CUTTING EDGE™ Protein is the UK's very best protein supplement for weight loss. It is a powdered mix containing over 24g protein per serving with a host of other active ingredients - designed to keep your feeling full and fueled with quality protein throughout the day. Complete Diet Protein™ ADVANCED is the most complete diet protein shake available today. It contains only the most effective ingredients, in their most effective dosages - with a massive 40g protein per serving! Pure Whey Protein™ is a premium quality whey protein powder, purchased directly from Europe's most reputable dairy, and contains a massive 82% Whey Protein. Ideal for anyone who needs a high quality protein at an unbeatable price. Pure Whey Isolate™ 90 is the best value whey protein isolate in Europe – you won't find a WPI of comparable quality anywhere else at this low price. Isolate 90 is great if you want a high quality protein with limited carbs and fats. Price per 1kg £18.09 £19.99 £12.69 £18.10 Cost per serving £0.63 £1.25 £0.38 £0.55 Protein 24.5g 40.3g 24.2g 27g Carbs 4.3g 3.9g 1.5g 0.6g Fats 1.3g 4.8g 2g 0.3g Calories 131 Kcals 220 Kcals 122 Kcals 111 Kcals What Our Customers Think Karen describes Complete Diet Protein™ ADVANCED This (chocolate flavour) must be the best tasting protein drink I've ever had. I have also noticed I'm not hungry as often, but this may be down to a combination of other weight loss products from here. Normally after a mid length run of 8 - 14 miles, I'm hungry all day and tend to pig out on wrong foods. I feel this hunger after a run is under control now and feel better for it. Claire describes Complete Diet Protein™ ADVANCED Chocolate tastes great. Any chance of some other flavours maybe choco/mint or coffee. Happy this has Konjac and CLA included. A good all rounder for weight loss. Will try the other proteins on my next order. Paul describes Pure Whey Protein™ I don't usually leave reviews but had to say how please I am with this product. I will never look anywhere else again. It mixes amazingly well and the Lemon Meringue tastes incredible. Faizal describes Pure Whey Protein™ Having tried a few other whey powders from other companies I would say this is one of the best. Easily mixes with milk and leaves no lumps. Chocolate cookies tastes great , a mixture between oreos and maryland cookies. Chocolate peanut is a must for anyone who enjoys peanut butter. Protein content is high as well. All round great whey protein for an unbeatable price! Ellie describes CUTTING EDGE™ Protein I received my order in under 24 hours of purchasing on a Sunday which was a great start however this product, i love! I ordered the strawberries & cream and it seriously tastes as good as ice cream. Has great mixability as I only use with water.