chczdedkeseuiefritnlplptseuk Foods category foods Healthy foods to support your diet and active lifestyle. Our foods are aimed at those looking for the highest quality nutrition to support their dietary goals. Made with premium quality produce, you won't find any unnecessary additives or preservatives. The entire range is clean, nutritious and nourishing. We have protein snacks to supplement your protein intake, such as protein bars. There's egg whites and high-protein spreads, ideal for an incredible high-protein breakfast, whether it's a tasty omelette or peanut butter on toast. Healthy foods FAQS What are healthy foods and snacks? Nuts, nut butters, seeds and berries are a great and healthy snacking option to keep you going during the day. They’re naturally high-protein foods and perfect for on the go.On top of that, there are plenty of healthy snacks such as protein bars or nuts and dried fruit bars that can provide that mix of raw ingredients all in one go. Which types of foods help to lose weight? Nuts, fruit, vegetables, seeds and most whole foods are ideal sources of energy and nutrients if you’re following a calorie-restricted diet. Even though there aren’t any ‘diet foods’ as such, some options are definitely healthier than others. Which foods improve sports performance? If you want to take your athletic performance to the next level, you should rely on foods like chicken, oatmeal, rice, legumes, peanut butter, eggs and nuts. Hydration is also fundamental to always be at your best and keep the intensity up. Highly nutritional foods are also key for your recovery as well as providing energy during your workouts. What range of healthy foods is available at Bulk? At Bulk™ we have an extensive variety of healthy foods such as nut butters, raw berries and nuts as well as more equally nutritious options to support an active lifestyle such as protein bars, liquid egg whites, ultra fine oats and many more. No matter your goals or dietary requirements, you can find healthy foods for all your meals. Why is it important to make healthy food choices? Nutrition is at the heart of any healthy lifestyle. When you make healthy food choices, you support your physical health, allowing your body to perform at its best. While it’s okay not to have a “perfect” diet, it’s important to give your body all the nutrients it needs to function - you’ll feel the benefits. Style plp-secondary-info RELATED CATEGORIES Bars & flapjacks Baking ingredients Beef protein snacks High protein breakfast foods Cheat foods Chia seeds Coconut supplements Dried fruit snacks Drinks & beverages Style lozenge-list