chczdedkeseuiefritnlplptroseukat Arginine Alpha Ketoglutarate Price Regular Price: £51.99 Final Price: £12.99 Save £39.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Size 500g 1kg Description Arginine Alpha Ketoglutarate 100% pure, our Arginine Alpha-Ketoglutarate, provides the vital amino acid arginine in a highly bioavailable form. An ideal ingredient in any DIY pre-workout formula. Arginine is a precursor to nitric oxide production in the body, making it a popular component in many pre-workout formulas. Arginine alpha-ketoglutarate (AAKG) is a highly bioavailable form of arginine, meaning your body can more readily absorb it. This pure AAKG powder makes it easy to add AAKG to your favourite pre-workout supplement, or even create your own DIY pre-workout blend. Arginine alpha-ketoglutarate is composed of two arginine molecules attached to one alpha-ketoglutarate molecule, creating a form of arginine with superior bioavailability. \ Purpose Our arginine alpha-ketoglutarate powder is ideal for mixing in with your regular pre-workout blend if you feel like integrating AAKG into your pre-workout supplement. If you’re a more experienced trainer who creates their own personal nutritional formulas, this is an ideal addition to your DIY pre-workout blend. \ Benefits Perfect for Pre-Workout Goes well with other pre-workout supplements to kickstart your session. Do It Yourself Use it to create your own personal pre-workout formula. Made for Mixing Ideal for mixing with your favourite shakes. Incredible Value Premium AAKG powder for a great price Directions Directions Mix 4 scoops (approximately 3g) with 50ml water or with a pre-workout drink. Consume 30 minutes pre-training and ideally on an empty stomach, 1-2 servings per day. \ Related Products It can be stacked with other pre-workout supplements from the Bulk™ range such as Taurine, Beta Alanine Ingredients Ingredients Arginine Alpha Ketoglutarate. \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain milk, eggs, soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a dry cool place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (3 g) Arginine Alpha Ketoglutarate 3g typeId recently-viewed count 6