plfrczdkitptdeieatnleuukroseesch L Carnitine L Tartrate Capsules Price Regular Price: £16.99 Final Price: £13.99 Save £3.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required QTY 270 Capsules 90 Capsules Description L Carnitine L Tartrate Capsules High strength l-carnitine l-tartrate in a convenient capsule form, ideal for use before your workout. Our high-strength 1000mg L-Carnitine L-Tartrate capsules contain premium l-carnitine in a highly bioavailable l-tartrate form. As one of your body’s key amino acids, l-carnitine is an ideal supplement to take as part of a pre-workout formula. L-carnitine is an amino acid found naturally in the body that can help to carry fat to the mitochondria. For our capsules, we’ve opted to use an "l-tartrate" ester for its high purity and quality. \ Purpose Our 1000mg L-Carnitine L-Tartrate capsules are perfect for anyone looking to add l-carnitine amino acids into their diet as part of their training journey. Their capsule form is especially good if you like to avoid unpleasant tastes and a convenient dosage format. \ Benefits Perfect Pre-Workout Ideal as part of a pre-workout nutritional intake. Pure Potency Provides l-carnitine in its most bioavailable form. Incredible Value High quality l-carnitine amino acid at a low price. Directions Directions Take 2 capsules per day, ideally 1 before exercise and 1 after. Ingredients Ingredients L-Carnitine L-Tartrate, Capsule Shell (Gelatin), Anti-Caking Agents (Magnesium Stearate, Silicon Dioxide). \ Suitable For Halal \ Allergen advice May contain soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (2 Capsules) L-Carnitine L-Tartrate 2000mg typeId recently-viewed count 6