chczdedkeseuiefritnlplptroseukat Hydrolysed Whey Protein Isolate Price Regular Price: £38.99 Final Price: £23.99 Save £15.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Chocolate Unflavoured Size 500g 1kg 2.5kg Description Hydrolysed Whey Protein Isolate A premium whey protein with a difference, our Hydrolysed Whey Protein has been filtered to create the purest formula you’ll find. If you’re looking to increase your protein intake as part of a healthy and balanced lifestyle, this is a winning choice. And the benefits don’t stop there. Bring this A-lister to your baking to make premium protein cookies, flapjacks or brownies. Add some style to your smoothies and blend in some goji berries and coconut flakes. Simply add water or milk and your high-performing protein shake is ready to go. Choose from classic Chocolate or Strawberry flavours, or try adding fresh berries to Unflavoured and make it your own. Let’s take a closer look inside. Based on Chocolate flavour, each serving is packed with 24g protein and just 110 calories. It’s also low in sugar (0.4g per serving) and low in fat (0.4g per serving). Ready to dive deeper? Treated with a unique enzyme process, this is the fastest-absorbing whey protein isolate available. Our Hydrolysed Whey Protein uses a unique form of thermal processing called enzymatic hydrolysis, which breaks down longer protein chains into small chain peptides. \ Purpose If you’re looking for a pure protein food supplement to enjoy as part of a healthy and balanced lifestyle, this is the one for you. \ Benefits High Protein Each serving provides at least 24g of protein. Calorie Control Low in fat and sugar, so you can pack in the protein with minimal calorie intake. Muscle Maintenance Ideal for maintaining muscle mass and promoting growth, due to the high protein content. Morning, Noon or Night Great any time of day, whatever your workout regime. Optimised Nutrition Enzymatic hydrolysis provides protein in its most rapidly absorbed form. Directions Directions Mix 1 heaped scoop (appoximately 30g) with 200ml water. We recommend 1-3 servings per day, but in accordance with your own protein requirements. You could enjoy a shake in the morning, mix into a smoothie or stir into porridge. Suitable any time of day to increase your protein intake, particularly as part of a healthy lifestyle. \ Related Products As part of a healthy and balanced lifestyle, why not try a protein-packed smoothie and combine Hydrolysed Whey Protein with some of your favourite ingredients. Our Peanut Butter, Chia Seeds and Ultra Fine Oats blend beautifully. If you fancy something different, try our super-powered Complete Greens™ or Complete Fruits™. Ready to get creative? Take a look at our protein recipes for ideas and inspiration. For more whey protein products, check out our Pure Whey Isolate™, Pure Whey Protein™, Essential Whey Protein and Natural Pure Whey Protein™. Combine it with our Essential Amino Acids to expand your nutritional intake. Or if you are craving a protein snack on the go, give our Macro Munch Bar a try! Ingredients Ingredients Hydrolysed Whey Protein Isolate (Milk), Sunflower Lecithin. \ Suitable For Halal,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice For allergens, see ingredients in bold. May contain eggs, soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g per serving (30g) Energy kJ/kcal 1587/374 476/112 Fat of which saturates 1.0g 0.4g 0.3g 0.1g Carbohydrate of which sugars 6.2g 1.7g 1.9g 0.5g Fibre 0g 0g Protein 85g 26g Salt 0.49g 0.15g typeId recently-viewed count 6