esiechplczdkateurosefrnlukdeitpt Multivitamins category health-wellbeing/multivitamins Vitamins play an essential role in helping the body to maintain normal daily function. Vitamin & mineral deficiencies are associated with a vast number of negative side effects. To make up for any deficiencies, and to improve your health, check out our vitamins & minerals range, including our multimineral, multivitamin powder, multivitamin tablets and multivitamin gummies Alongside their obvious health benefits, vitamins are also important for physique development and performance. Specific vitamins are required for energy metabolism, hormone production and muscular contraction. Deficiencies in vitamins and minerals will prevent us from performing at our peak – which means we won’t get the most out of training sessions. If you're looking for other ways to support your immune system, try Complete Greens. Or, if you prefer single greens, check out Spirulina Powder or Broccoli Powder. Multivitamin Supplements FAQS What is a multivitamin supplement? A multivitamin supplement is any supplement that contains any preparation of vitamins, nutrients and minerals. They’re typically prepared in pill or tablet form, but can sometimes be purchased as a powder. Most standard multivitamin supplements contain measured preparations of all of your body’s essential vitamins and minerals, but you can also get supplements for specific health issues, such as bones, skin and heart health. What are the benefits of taking multivitamin tablets? Most people take multivitamin supplements as part of a healthy diet to ensure they’re getting an adequate daily intake of all of their essential vitamins and nutrients. They’re a great way to support your regular nutritional intake, providing measured servings of nutrients that can be difficult to get from food and drink alone due to a hectic lifestyle. Are multivitamins healthy? Multivitamins are a perfectly healthy dietary supplement for anyone living a healthy, active lifestyle with a diverse diet. Some multivitamins are intended for certain people; for example, there are multivitamin supplements designed specifically for women which contain higher levels of Iron and Calcium than regular supplements. If you experience any long-term health conditions or have any other doubts, you should consult with your doctor or a medical professional before taking multivitamin supplements. When should you take multivitamins? Most multivitamin supplements are designed to be taken between once and three times daily. Because they contain concentrated measures of vitamins and minerals, it’s generally advised to take multivitamin supplements after meals to ensure all of the nutrients are properly absorbed. Most people choose to take multivitamin supplements after breakfast or dinner each day. Can you take multivitamins every day? Multivitamins are typically designed as daily supplements. Some people choose to take multivitamins occasionally, depending on how they feel on that day. The only thing you shouldn’t do is take more than the recommended daily dose; your body can only process so much of each nutrient every day, so any excess will be wasted, but also, consuming too much of some nutrients can actually be harmful to your body, causing gastrointestinal discomfort and other mild health issues. What are the different types of multivitamins? Most multivitamin supplements contain a similar profile of various nutrients, vitamins and minerals essential to a healthy diet. However, there is now a growing range of supplements for people with specific dietary and nutritional needs, including vegan and vegetarian supplements, as well as supplements for specific health concerns including hair, bone, heart and skin health. What do multivitamins taste like? Because they’re generally a mixture of pure vitamins and minerals designed for nutrition over taste, most multivitamins have a distinct, metallic flavour – that’s why they’re usually served in a pill form that’s intended to be swallowed with water. There are also many flavoured and chewable multivitamins designed to provide a more pleasant taste if you struggle with swallowing pills. Who should take multivitamins? Multivitamins are generally designed for anyone and everyone, which is why you can find multivitamin supplements for men and women, as well as children’s multivitamins with smaller measurements. If you experience any long-term health conditions, or have any concerns about your health and dietary intake, you should of course consult with a doctor or medical professional before taking any multivitamin supplement. Is a balanced diet better than a multivitamin? Supplements are never intended to replace food as they simply cannot replicate the nutrients found in real food. So, of course, consuming a varied, well-balanced diet would be the most optimal way to obtain adequate nutrients. A multivitamin would only help fill in potential nutritional gaps, helping to further optimise your nutrition and support your body's functions, such as the immune system and nervous system. Style plp-secondary-info RELATED CATEGORIES Health supplements Probiotic supplements Antioxidant supplements Essential fatty acids Fish oil supplements Fruit & vegetable supplements Super greens powders Fibre supplements Omega 3 supplements Organic powders Style lozenge-list