frchatieczdeptnlitroplesdkeuukse Omega 3 6 9 Softgels Price Regular Price: £9.99 Final Price: £7.99 Save £2.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required QTY 90 Softgels Description Omega 3 6 9 Softgels Our ultimate omega fatty acid supplement, providing potent doses of omega 3, omega 6 and omega 9 fatty acids in a single, convenient softgel. Omega 3, 6 and 9 fatty acids are essential fatty acids (EFAs). That means your body can’t produce them, and they can only be obtained through the diet. Our Omega 3 6 9 Softgels 1000mg contain a combination of omega 3 fish oil, flaxseed oil and sunflower oil to provide a potent dose of omega 3, 6 and 9 in a single supplement. \ Purpose Our Omega 3 6 9 Softgels are ideal for anyone who wants to increase their intake of omega 3 6 9 in a simple, high-quality supplement. \ Benefits Combined Action Combines Omega 3, 6 and 9 to provide the best potential in a single supplement. Optimal Doses Dosed to optimal levels for the best nutrition. Incredible Price Provides all essential omega 3, 6 and 9 fatty acids at a low price. Directions Directions Take 1 softgel, 3 times per day, with food. Ingredients Ingredients Fish Oil, Softgel (Gelatin, Humectant (Glycerol), Water), Flaxseed Oil, Sunflower Oil, Vitamin E (DL Alpha Tocopheryl Acetate). \ Allergen advice For allergens, see ingredients in bold. May contain soya, cereals containing gluten, crustaceans, molluscs, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (3 softgels) Reference Intake of an average adult (%) Omega 3 765 mg (of which ALA 405 mg, EPA 216 mg, DHA 144 mg) Omega 6 (Linoleic Acid) 540 mg Omega 9 (Oleic Acid) 220 mg Vitamin E 20 mg a-TE 167 typeId recently-viewed count 6