plateseuptdkchczfrnlukdeseitiero Weightlifting Belt Price Regular Price: £29.99 Final Price: £17.99 Save £12.00 Clearance Sale: Now or never Size S Description Weightlifting Belt We’ve got your back. Whether you’re an Olympic lifter, powerlifter or just a casual gym-goer, the Bulk™ Lifting Belt is perfect for providing additional support during those heavy, compound lifts such as deadlifts or squats. Strong and robust, our Lifting Belt features a stainless steel double prong buckle for the perfect fit. In a sleek black design with subtle white branding, you can count on this one. So, whether you’re an elite athlete or a casual gym-goer, look no further than the Bulk™ Lifting Belt to support your training goals. Stainless steel double prong buckle Suitable for heavy lifts High-quality materials Contoured shape for optimal support Sleek black design with subtle branding 10mm thickness 101mm (4 inches) width Due to the colour of the belt, it may leave marks on clothing during early use. Size Information: S M L XL 24" - 28" 28" - 32" 32" - 36" 36" - 40" FAQs FAQs What does a belt do for lifting? Weightlifting belts help increase intra-abdominal pressure, providing your core muscles with a stable base to push against during heavy lifts. This extra stability allows most lifters to lift more weight with a belt than without. Do you really need a lifting belt? A weightlifting belt can be beneficial if you regularly perform deadlifts and squats at or above your bodyweight, or need additional support for your lower back during heavy barbell exercises. When should I get a lifting belt? It's generally recommended to consider using a lifting belt when performing deadlifts and squats at or above your bodyweight. It's important to note that a beginner weightlifter should properly learn to use their core and midline before relying on a weightlifting belt. Is it OK to wear a lifting belt all the time? Ideally, your warm up sets should be beltless, and then working sets belted. You can loosen the belt in between sets. It's recommended to wear a belt when you are lifting particularly heavy, so this may not always be the case in every session. typeId recently-viewed count 6