plczesatdeieeudkfritptnlseukchro Clear Whey All In One Price Regular Price: £42.99 Final Price: £38.49 Save £4.50 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Apple & Blackcurrant Blue Raspberry Peach Iced Tea Passionfruit Strawberry & Lime Size 500g 1kg Description Clear Whey All In One It’s crystal clear. Refreshingly light. And ready to revive. A complete post-workout formula that hits the mark on every level. This multi-tasker won’t let you down. A clear whey with a difference. Each serving provides 29g European whey protein, 17g high-quality carbohydrates (Cluster Dextrin® and Maltodextrin), 3g creatine monohydrate, 3g l-glutamine and 8g BCAAs. Contributing towards the growth and maintenance of muscle mass*, recovery** and performance***, this all-in-one shake gives your body what it needs during the crucial post-workout period. Easy to mix. Easy to drink. As you’d expect. Every fruity flavour is set to impress. * Protein contributes to the growth and maintenance of muscle mass. ** Carbohydrates contribute to the recovery of normal muscle function (contraction) after highly intensive and/or long-lasting physical exercise, which leads to muscle fatigue and the depletion of glycogen stores in skeletal muscle. This beneficial effect is obtained with the consumption of carbohydrates, from all sources, at a total intake of 4g per kg body weight, at doses, within the first four hours, and no later than six hours. *** Creatine increases physical performance in successive bursts of short-term, high-intensity exercise. The beneficial effect is obtained with a daily intake of 3g of creatine. \ Purpose Looking for a light and refreshing post-workout shake without the milky taste and texture? This one’s for you. Whether you’re an experienced athlete or just starting your fitness journey, Clear Whey All In One is the perfect partner to any active lifestyle. \ Benefits Packed with protein 29g protein per serving. Refreshingly fruity The perfect post-workout partner. Complete post-workout formula Your all-in-one answer. Easy to mix Antifoam compound for a smoother shake in seconds. Muscle maintenance Ideal for maintaining muscle mass and promoting muscle growth. Carb blend 17g carbohydrates per serving from Cluster Dextrin® and Maltodextrin. Directions Directions A clear and complete post-workout formula that hits the mark on every level. Mix 2 scoops (approximately 50g) with 500ml water and shake well. For best results, after shaking wait approximately 30 seconds for the natural foaming to settle before drinking. We recommend using 1 serving per day post training. \ Related Products Fancy some more support? For overall health, we recommend using other products from our range such as Complete Multivitamin Complex™ and Super Strength Omega 3. For pre-workout, we recommend using one of our pre-workout supplements such as Complete Pre-Workout™. If you really want to pack in the protein, our MACRO MUNCH™ Protein Baris a winning choice for on-the-go snacking. Or check out our full range of protein bars. Looking for a delicious and nutritious addition to your protein shake? Check out our full peanut butter range. Ingredients Ingredients Hydrolysed Whey Protein Isolate (Milk), Highly Branched Cyclic Dextrin (Cluster Dextrin®), Maltodextrin, Creatine Monohydrate, L-Glutamine, Branched Chain Amino Acids (Leucine, Isoleucine, Valine), Flavouring, Colours (Grapeskin Extract, Beetroot Red), Anti-Foaming Agents (Polydimethylsiloxane, Silicon Dioxide), Acid (Citric Acid), Sweetener (Sucralose), Turmeric Extract (Curowhite™). \ Suitable For Vegetarian \ Allergen advice For allergens, see ingredients in bold. May contain eggs, soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g per serving (50g) Energy kJ/kcal 1580/372 790/186 Fat of which saturates 0.3g 0.2g 0.2g 0.1g Carbohydrate of which sugars 34g 1.7g 17g 0.9g Fibre 0.5g 0.3g Protein 59g 29g Salt 0.21g 0.11g \ Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (50g) BCAA 8g (Leucine) 3.8g Creatine Monohydrate 3g Glutamine 3g (Valine) 2.0g (Isoleucine) 2.2g Turmeric Extract (CurowhiteTM) 50mg typeId recently-viewed count 6