plateuieptitrodesedkchczesukfrnl Ashwagandha Gummies Price Regular Price: £19.99 Final Price: £16.99 Save £3.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Apple QTY 60 Gummies 120 Gummies Description Ashwagandha Gummies Feel calm. Feel sharp. Feel fresh. Get in the right mindset for every workout with Ashwagandha Gummies - the on-trend supplement that supports your training. Powered by 3000mg ashwagandha equivalent per serving, they support energy***, balance and calm* – perfect for locking in for your session. Why should I take it? PROMOTES CALMNESS and achieves a balanced mindset* REDUCES FATIGUE and supports energy production through vitamin B6** TASTY AND CONVENIENT to suit an active lifestyle VEGAN AND VEGETARIAN FRIENDLY to power plant-based training When should I take them? Take two gummies at any time throughout the day. *Withania somnifera (Ashwagandha) helps to support relaxation, mental and physical wellbeing. **Vitamin B6 contributes to the reduction of tiredness and fatigue. ***Vitamin B6 contributes to normal energy-yielding metabolism Directions Directions How do I use it? Simply take two gummies per day and you’re all set. \ Related Products Ashwagandha can be combined with Ginkgo Biloba, Bacopa Monnieri, Lion’s Mane, Cognizin Capsules, Brain Health Capsules and any of our pre-workouts.Explore our Collagen Gummies and Creatine Gummies as complementary options. Ingredients Ingredients Apple FlavourGlucose Syrup, Sucrose, Water, Ashwagandha Extract 10:1 (Withania somnifera), Acidity Regulators (Citric Acid, Sodium Citrate), Apple Juice Concentrate, Gelling Agent (Pectin), Natural Flavouring, Black Carrot Juice Concentrate, Vegetable Oil, Glazing Agent (Carnauba Wax), Vitamin B6 (Pyridoxine Hydrochloride). \ Suitable For Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain milk, soya, cereals containing gluten, fish and crustaceans. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children.Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use.The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (2) Reference Intake of an average adult (%) Ashwagandha Extract 10:1 300 mg (3000 mg Ashwagandha equivalent) Vitamin B6 2.8 mg 200 typeId recently-viewed count 6