atchdedkesfritnlplptseroczieeuuk Complete Protein Blend™ Price Regular Price: £34.99 Final Price: £27.99 Save £7.00 Clearance Sale: Now or never Flavour Chocolate Vanilla Size 1kg 2.5kg 5kg Description Complete Protein Blend™ Our easy mixing, comprehensive high protein formula for anyone looking to add more protein to their diet. Loaded with a huge 23g of protein in a 30g serving, available in 7 delicious flavours. Our Complete Protein Blend™ is a high quality, premium multi-protein blend made with whey protein and milk protein, ideal if you want to combine fast and slow release protein sources to ensure you get a steady protein supply throughout your day. Our Complete Protein Blend™ is packed with all the essential protein you need in a single delicious shake. By using a combination of fast and slow release protein sources, your body gets a regular intake of protein from the moment you drink it, and we’ve even added some glutamine peptides for an extra nutritional boost. Each serving gives you 23g of protein as well as the complete collection of amino acids. \ Purpose Our Complete Protein Blend™ is the ideal supplement for anyone wanting a high-quality, great tasting source of protein in their diet as part of their training journey. If your lifestyle requires further nutrition, like extra carbs or creatine monohydrate, you can add one of our other supplements. \ Benefits High Protein 23g protein packed into every serving. Complete amino acid profile With added glutamine peptides Low sugar and low fat 0.8g sugar and 1.3g fat per serving. Full of flavour Choose from a range of delicious flavours, or keep it simple with Unflavoured. Smooth texture Instantised with soya lecithin for a silky smooth shake. Healthy lifestyle A great choice to increase protein intake, particularly as part of a healthy lifestyle. Morning, noon or night A protein-packed food supplement that can be enjoyed anytime. So versatile Mix into shakes and smoothies or add to baking. Directions Directions Mix 1 slightly heaped scoop (approximately 30g) with 200ml water in a shaker bottle. We recommend 1-3 servings per day, but in accordance with your own protein requirements. You could enjoy a shake in the morning, mix into a smoothie or stir into porridge. Suitable any time of day to increase your protein intake, particularly as part of a healthy lifestyle. \ Related Products As part of a healthy and balanced lifestyle, why not try a protein-packed smoothie and combine Complete Protein Blend™ with some of your favourite ingredients. Our Peanut Butter, Chia Seeds and Ultra Fine Oats blend beautifully. If you fancy something different, try our super-powered Complete Greens™ or Complete Fruits™. Ready to get creative? Take a look at our protein recipes for ideas and inspiration. Looking for more whey protein products? Check out our Pure Whey Isolate™, Pure Whey Protein™, Essential Whey Protein and Natural Pure Whey Protein™. Craving a protein snack on the go? Give our Macro Munch Bar a try! Or you can combine it with our Essential Amino Acids to expand your nutritional intake. Ingredients Ingredients Whey Protein Concentrate (Milk), Milk Protein Concentrate, L-Glutamine, Cocoa Powder, Flavour, Emulsifier (Sunflower Lecithin), Sweetener (Sucralose), Thickener (Xanthan Gum). \ Allergen advice For allergens, see ingredients in bold. May contain eggs, soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g per serving (30g) Energy kJ/kcal 1543/364 463/109 Fat of which saturates 3.0 g 1.6 g 0.9 g 0.5 g Carbohydrate of which sugars 8.7 g 5.2 g 2.6 g 1.6 g Fibre 4.3 g 1.3 g Protein 74 g 22 g Salt 0.50 g 0.15 g \ Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (30g) L-Glutamine 5.4g typeId recently-viewed count 6