czesatdeieeudkfritptnlseukchropl KSM-66® Ashwagandha Capsules 500mg Price Regular Price: £9.99 Final Price: £7.49 Save £2.50 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required QTY 30 Capsules 90 Capsules Description KSM-66® Ashwagandha Capsules 500mg High quality ashwagandha extract from the roots of organically grown Withania somnifera plants, known for adaptogenic properties* and helps to support mental and physical wellbeing.** Ashwagandha, also known as Indian ginseng or Winter cherry, is a traditional herb that has seen a huge increase in popularity in recent years. Our KSM-66® Ashwagandha Capsules provide high quality ashwagandha root extract in a convenient capsule form. Ashwagandha KSM-66® is a branded, full-spectrum ashwagandha root extract, standardised at 5% withanolides. \ Purpose Ashwagandha is appropriate for anyone leading an active lifestyle, we recommend taking 1 capsule a day with food, depending on personal preference. If you’re currently taking any other medications, we recommend consulting with your doctor or medical professional before taking ashwagandha supplements. *Ashwagandha has adaptogenic properties **Withania somnifera helps to maintain mental balance and helps to support relaxation, mental and physical wellbeing and contributes to emotional balance and general wellbeing. \ Benefits Optimal Dose Dosed at optimal levels. Fight the Fatigue Has adaptogenic properties*, helps to support relaxation, mental and physical wellbeing.** Directions Directions Consume 1 capsules per day, with food. \ Related Products KSM-66® Ashwagandha combines well with products such as Ginkgo Biloba. We also offer convenient and delicious Ashwagandha Gummies for those seeking a tasty alternative. Ingredients Ingredients KSM-66® Ashwagandha Root Extract, Capsule Shell (Hydroxypropyl Methyl Cellulose), Bulking Agent (Microcrystalline Cellulose), Anti-Caking Agents (Tricalcium Phosphate, Magnesium Stearate). \ Suitable For Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (1 Capsule) KSM-66® Ashwagandha 500mg (5% Withanolides) typeId recently-viewed count 6