plczderochdknlfrseptesateuitukie Hydration Drink Price Regular Price: £24.99 Final Price: £6.24 Save £18.75 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Mixed Berry Orange Size 500g 1kg 2.5kg 5kg Description Hydration Drink Our high-performance isotonic formula, containing a tri-carbohydrate blend of maltodextrin, dextrose and fructose, as well as instant BCAAs, vitamin B6 and a blend of 4 electrolytes, all dosed at optimal levels. Our Hydration Drink™ is what it sounds like: A high-performance drink formula that provides you with a rich blend of fast release carbohydrates, Instant BCAAs, vitamin B6 and electrolytes to give you a boost when you need it most. It’s carefully balanced to provide optimum nutrition for endurance athletes and prolonged exercise, and because it’s in a formula, you can mix it to your personal requirements, whether hypotonic, isotonic or hypertonic. We use a tri-carbohydrate blend in our Hydration Drink™, as multiple carbohydrate sources can result in superior uptake. Specifically, Hydration Drink™ uses a balance of maltodextrin, dextrose and fructose. We’ve also added instant BCAAs, as well as 4 key electrolytes (sodium, magnesium, potassium and calcium) to replenish your nutrients when they’re most depleted. As a final touch, we’ve added a dose of vitamin B6, helping to reduce tiredness and fatigue, and assist with conversion of food to energy. \ Purpose Our Hydration Drink™ is similar to many of the well-known isotonic drinks you find on the high street, but with a more precise formula, superior ingredients, and in a form that you can adapt to your specific nutritional needs – and at a fraction of the price. It’s an ideal energy source for every athlete, especially endurance athletes such as long distance runners, triathletes and cyclists. \ Benefits Tri-Carbohydrate Blend Uses a precise blend of maltodextrin, dextrose and fructose for optimal carb uptake Mix to Measure Perfect for mixing to your specific requirements, whether hypotonic, isotonic or hypertonic. Combined Action Provides a comprehensive blend of nutritional supplements to provide the best results. Full of Flavour Available in a range of delicious flavours. Directions Directions Mix 1 scoop (approximately 40g) with 500ml water to make an isotonic solution. Consume 1 serving pre and/or during training, 1-3 servings per day. \ Related Products Hydration Drink ensures that you are fuelled before and during your workouts. Post-exercise recovery is equally important, however. Recovery Shake is the perfect antidote to a hard workout – containing everything you need to grow and recover. Looking for more hydration products? Check out our electrolyte powder. Need a classic protein powder? Try our Pure Whey Protein. Or, if you're looking for a whey alternative, try our Beef Protein Isolate. Looking for a more refined protein option? Try our Pure Whey Isolate™. Or a lighter, more refreshing option? Try our Clear Whey Isolate. For an extra boost, add Creatine Monohydrate to your routine. Looking to increase your calorie intake? Try our Mass Gainer. Ingredients Ingredients Maltodextrin, Dextrose, Fructose, Instant BCAA (Leucine, Isoleucine, Valine, Sunflower Lecithin), Electrolyte Blend (Sodium Chloride, Potassium Sulphate, Calcium Di Phosphate, Magnesium Oxide), Flavouring, Colour (Beetroot Red), Sweetener (Sucralose), Vitamin B6 (Pyridoxine HCL). \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain milk, eggs, soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites.. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g per serving (40g) Energy kJ/kcal 1581/372 632/149 Fat of which saturates 0g 0g 0g 0g Carbohydrate of which sugars 88g 46g 35g 19g Fibre 0g 0g Protein 5g 2g Salt 1.64g 0.66g \ Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (40g) Reference Intake of an average adult (%) Valine 0.5g Electrolyte Blend 1g Isoleucine 0.5g Leucine 1g Vitamin B6 5mg 357 typeId recently-viewed count 6