deieplesitdkcznlroeuchsefratptuk Glycine Price Regular Price: £19.99 Final Price: £4.99 Save £15.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Size 500g 1kg Description Glycine 100% pure glycine powder, providing a rich source of your body’s most abundant amino acid in a convenient, mixable form. Glycine is the most abundant amino acid in the body, and plays a role in the transmission of chemical signals throughout the body. Our glycine powder is a convenient way to ensure you’re getting sufficient glycine in your diet. Glycine is a non-essential amino acid, which means it’s produced naturally by the body. It’s also obtained through the diet from foods like meat and fish. Some people on meat-free or vegan diets may choose to supplement glycine to maintain their nutritional requirements. \ Purpose Our glycine powder is an ideal supplement for anyone who wants to increase their dietary intake of glycine. And because it’s unflavoured, it’s easy to mix into your favourite shake or smoothie blend. \ Benefits Made for Mixing Ideal for mixing with your favourite shakes. Incredible Price Provides 100% pure glycine at a great price. Directions Directions Mix 2.5 scoops (approximately 2g) with 50ml water. Consume 1-2 servings per day, ideally on an empty stomach. Ingredients Ingredients Glycine. \ Suitable For Vegetarian,Halal,Vegan \ Allergen advice May contain milk, eggs, soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (2 g) Glycine 2g typeId recently-viewed count 6