desechczatdkitnlieptukpleseurofr Methyl Sulfonyl Methane Price Regular Price: £24.99 Final Price: £11.24 Save £13.75 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Size 500g 1kg Description Methyl Sulfonyl Methane 100% pure methyl-sulfonyl methane (MSM) in a convenient powder form, ideal for anyone looking to up their nutritional intake of MSM with zero hassle. Methyl-sulfonyl methane, commonly referred to as MSM, is an organosulfur compound that’s commonly found in fluid around the joints. Our MSM Powder offers a convenient way to up your MSM intake in a simple, mixable powder form. MSM is found naturally in a range of animals and plants. It’s used by the body as a sulphur donor, and is often combined with glucosamine and chondroitin. This MSM Powder provides 800mg of pure MSM in a single 800mg serving. \ Purpose Our MSM Powder is an ideal nutritional supplement for anyone looking to increase their MSM intake with minimal hassle. It’s unflavoured, so you can easily mix it in with your favourite shake formula. \ Benefits Incredible Value 100% purity at an incredible price. Made for Mixing Available unflavoured so you can mix it in with your favourite shakes. Directions Directions Mix 1 scoop (approximately 800mg) with 200ml water. Take 2 servings daily, ideally with food. \ Related Products MSM works particularly well when combined with other supplements such as Glucosamine Sulphate. It also works well in conjunction with Vitamin C. Ingredients Ingredients Methyl-Sulfonyl Methane. \ Suitable For Vegetarian,Halal,Vegan \ Allergen advice May contain milk, eggs, soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (1600 mg (2 Servings)) Methyl Sulfonyl Methane 1600mg typeId recently-viewed count 6