atchczdedkeseuiefritnlplptroseuk Beef Protein category protein/beef-protein Bulk™ stocks an impressive range of Beef Protein products – including shakes, drinks and foods. Whether it's our best-selling Beef Protein Isolate or our delicious Beef Jerky – there's something for everyone. Beef Protein is a premium protein source, which is naturally rich in important amino acids such as Glutamine & Arginine. It is naturally low in fat and carbohydrates and is perfect for anyone following the Paleo diet. All of our protein powders are high-performers, easy-mixers and reliable all-rounders. Shake up a smoothie with seasonal berries, pimp up your porridge or power-pack your pancakes, bake into brownies or get creative with cookies. Keeping it simple? Just add water or milk. If you’re looking to increase your protein intake as part of a healthy, balanced lifestyle, our extensive range of protein powders has something for everyone. All you have to do is choose. Discover our range of beef protein powders, shakes and foods. Beef Protein FAQS What is beef protein? Beef protein is basically a food supplement that is a premium protein source. Beef is high in protein, and is naturally rich in amino acids. Our beef protein selection allows you to pack this into your diet and increase your intake with ease - especially good if you’re looking to bulk up, or if you follow a paleo diet. What are the benefits of beef protein snacks? The benefits of beef protein are much the same as any high protein source. Beef is rich in nutrition, particularly protein and amino acids, and can be useful for anyone on a mass gaining programme, and because they can come in powder form, they’re easy to add to other recipes for added nutrition. What different types of beef protein products are available at bulk? There is a varied selection of beef protein products available at bulk, which you can implement into your lifestyle as you see fit. If you’re looking for a high protein snack with an authentic taste, our Biltong is perfect for snacking. If you’re more of a shake person, we offer a 97% protein powder - Beef Protein Isolate 97 that is also available in three tasty flavours. Style plp-secondary-info RELATED CATEGORIES Protein powders Vegan protein Gluten free protein powders Lactose free protein powders High protein foods Diet protein shakes Egg protein powders Whey protein powders Informed sport protein shakes Dairy free protein powders Style lozenge-list