dkesnlptchatplsedeitfrukeuieczro Egg Protein category protein/egg-protein Need an extra boost of protein in your diet but not sure how to get it? Egg Protein Powder is incredibly versatile, and when it comes to protein, it's considered to be the 'gold-standard'. Whether you'd like to add something extra to your protein shakes, or include some of our famous Egg Whites in your morning routine, our range won't disappoint. Love to snack? Check out our High Protein Pancake Mixes for satisfying, protein-rich foods that you don't need to save for cheat day. It's impossible not to think of Rocky drinking raw egg whites whenever someone recommends egg whites, but it turns out there was real method to his madness. Egg protein is highly bioavailable (digested easily) and has a fantastic amino acid profile, whilst also being naturally low in fat and carbohydrates. All of our protein powders are high-performers, easy-mixers and reliable all-rounders. Shake up a smoothie with seasonal berries, pimp up your porridge or power-pack your pancakes, bake into brownies or get creative with cookies. Keeping it simple? Just add water or milk. If you’re looking to increase your protein intake as part of a healthy, balanced lifestyle, our extensive range of protein powders has something for everyone. All you have to do is choose. Protein FAQS What are protein supplements? Protein supplements are designed to be taken in addition to the food in your diet to support your daily protein intake. They come in many forms including protein shakes, bars. You might want to consider a protein supplement to meet your training needs, or if your dietary protein intake is too low. What are the benefits of taking protein powder? Protein is an essential macronutrient that helps to build muscle, repair muscle tissue. An expertly formulated protein powder will make sure you're getting the right amount of protein to support your goals. If you're training hard, protein powder can help build and maintain your muscle mass, as well as having a heap of other health benefits. What different protein products are available at Bulk™? Here at Bulk™, we aim to change the nutrition game with world-class products including all types of protein supplements - think protein powders, shakes, snack bars and much more. Our protein range is so broad you can find a suitable supplement for all dietary requirements. Why is protein important? Protein is famous for its role as the main building block for muscles. However, its functions don’t end there. All cells and tissue contain protein, including our hair, nails, skin and bones. How much protein do I need? It depends on two key factors: your workout habits (think intensity, frequency, etc.) and your body weight. According to the British Nutrition Foundation, adults leading a basic healthy lifestyle should consume an average of 0.6g of protein per kilogram body weight per day. That value can shift depending on the intensity of your workouts. Style plp-secondary-info Related Categories Whey Protein Powder Vegan Protein High protein foods Beef protein Informed sport protein shakes Style lozenge-list