plczieitatptdechnlrodkseesukfreu High Protein Foods category protein/high-protein-foods While protein shakes are convenient and high in nutritional value, sometimes you just don't fancy one. We stock a range of high protein foods that you can snack on instead, from Liquid Egg Whites, High Protein Flapjacks and High Protein Snack Bars to a variety of nut butters and dried fruits. In a nutshell? Premium quality nutrition and maximum flavour, all in one hit. Your skin, hair, nails, immune system and digestive system all rely on protein, so packing plenty into your diet is a no-brainer. Try some supplements along with these protein-rich foods, and your body will thank you for it. High Protein Foods FAQS What are high protein foods? Almost all foods contain some protein, but a food can only be classified as ‘high protein’ where at least 20 % of the energy value of the food is provided by protein. Examples of food sources of protein are meat, dairy, fish, eggs, beans, lentils, nuts and seeds. What are the benefits of eating high protein foods? Protein is an essential macronutrient responsible for a number of functions in the body. These include the growth and maintenance of muscle mass, cell repair and much more. Eating high protein foods can contribute to the growth of lean muscle, and help with post-workout recovery. Protein is also a satiating macronutrient and can help you feel fuller for longer. Which foods are high in protein? A lot of foods are high in protein. Animal-based sources of protein include meat and eggs, while plant-based sources of protein include nuts, seeds and tofu. What high protein foods are available at Bulk? Bulk has a range of high protein foods to support your training. From liquid egg whites and protein pancake mixes, to protein bars and flapjacks, we’ve got something to suit every diet. Are foods that are high in protein healthy? High protein foods are packed with amino acids, the building blocks of protein. Eating these foods has many benefits, including building muscle and feeling fuller after eating. However, it’s still important to eat a balanced diet to stay healthy - that includes a balance of protein, carbohydrates and fat, as well as essential vitamins and minerals. Which foods are high in protein and vegan? It can be tricky knowing where to get your protein as a vegan. Good sources of vegan protein include nuts, seeds, beans, tofu and other soya-based products. If you still find it difficult to get enough protein, it might be worth supplementing with a vegan protein powder. Style plp-secondary-info RELATED CATEGORIES Dairy free protein powders Vegan protein Protein collagen Protein shakes Recovery protein Whey protein shakes Gluten free protein powders Egg protein Style lozenge-list