chczdedkeseuiefritnlplptroseukat Vegan Protein category protein/vegan-protein Add some plant-based protein to your diet. It's easier than ever. For vegans, consuming enough protein to increase muscle mass can be difficult, meaning some vegans are deficient in essential amino acids. But we're here to help. This vegan protein range is curated with the active vegan in mind, ensuring that each of our protein sources has an excellent amino acid profile. Find the highest quality vegan protein powder, as well as Pea Protein, Soya Protein Isolate and vegan protein bars. The best vegan protein supplements available. Vegan protein FAQS What is vegan protein? Vegan protein simply means it’s entirely made with plant-based protein sources. The most well-rounded formulas are a blend of different high-protein ingredients such as pea, rice, pumpkin, flax and quinoa. That way, all essential amino acids are covered. Who is vegan protein for? Anyone! You could be lactose-intolerant, eat meat and still choose a vegan protein powder to supplement with as it’s dairy-free. Vegan protein is ideal for anyone interested in plant-based alternatives for any reason. Will vegan protein help build muscle? Much like whey protein, vegan protein will support the growth and maintenance of muscle mass. However, consistent resistance training and appropriate nutrition intake are the key principles of muscle growth. How does vegan protein taste? We can only speak for ourselves, but it tastes great! Don’t take our word for it though. Check out the reviews to see what our customers think. Bulk™ vegan protein powder comes in a range of flavours and it’s also available unflavoured. Can vegan protein help with weight loss? Much like regular protein, vegan protein alone can’t help you lose weight. It needs to work side by side a fully balanced diet and workout regime to support your weight loss goals. What vegan protein products are available? There have been some huge improvements in vegan food alternatives. We’ve got every aspect of plant-based nutrition with all-in-one formulas, vegan protein, vegan protein snacks such as brownies and protein bars and vegan tablets and softgels.You’ll find a vegan-friendly equivalent for all of your favourite foods and supplements. Which vegan protein products should I use? Depending on the goals you’re working towards, there are vegan products designed with them in mind. Aiming to increase your muscle mass? Check out Vegan Mass Gainer. If you’re looking for an easy way to spread your protein intake throughout the day, look no further than our Vegan Protein Bars and Vegan Protein Brownies. For all your health and wellbeing needs, we’ve got your back with Veganbiotic, Vegan Omega 3 6 9 (Ahiflower®) and Vitamin D2. How to get protein as a vegan? It’s a common misconception that getting protein as a vegan is hard. There are plenty of plant-based sources such as grains like quinoa and brown rice, leafy greens, beans and nuts like cashew and walnut. The more varied your diet is, the better your protein intake will be. On top of that, you can count on vegan protein shakes and vegan snacks to supplement throughout the day. Style plp-secondary-info RELATED CATEGORIES Protein powders Whey protein powders Gluten free protein powders Lactose free protein powders High protein foods Diet protein shakes Egg protein powders Beef protein Informed sport protein shakes Dairy free protein powders Style lozenge-list