esiechplczdkateurosefrnlukdeitpt Lion’s Mane Capsules 500mg Price Regular Price: £9.99 Final Price: £6.99 Save £3.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required QTY 30 Capsules 90 Capsules Description Lion’s Mane Capsules 500mg The mighty mushroom is becoming an increasingly popular nootropic supplement. Regally named, the lion’s mane (Hericium erinaceus) is one of the most well-known and widely used edible mushrooms you’ll find. And it deserves a proper introduction. Native to North America, Europe and Asia, the beautifully formed head of a lion’s mane mushroom has been enjoyed as a food for decades. It’s also been used in traditional Chinese medicine and more recently as a supplement in Western culture. When you see a cluster growing in all its glory, the name becomes clear. Time for some science. When taking mushrooms as supplements, here’s what to look out for. First are the active components called polysaccharides, which are found in the cell walls of fungi. Beta-glucans, the most well-known fungal polysaccharide, are a soluble fibre broken down in the intestine. Each capsule contains a potent 150mg polysaccharides (standardised 30% dosage). Second is the strength of the extract. These are dosed at a 12:1, so 500mg lion’s mane extract per capsule is the equivalent to 6g fresh mushroom. \ Purpose If you’re looking for a convenient, high-strength Lion’s Mane extract, this mighty mushroom supplement is for you. This is a great option to support your health and wellbeing. \ Benefits Potently dosedStandardised to provide 30% polysaccharides, or 150mg per capsule. Super strength500mg mushroom extract at a 12:1 strength, with a mushroom equivalent to 6g for each capsule. Convenience in a capsuleYou choose when to take. Make it your ownCombine with other supplements to tailor your nutritional needs. In the green teamVegetarian and vegan friendly. Directions Directions Take 2 capsules daily, preferably with food. \ Related Products Lion’s Mane Capsules can be combined with KSM-66 ® Ashwagandha Capsules, Brain Health Capsules, Prom3ga™ or Complete Zen™ , along with many more products from our health and wellbeing range. Ingredients Ingredients Lion’s Mane Mushroom Fruiting Body Extract (30% Polysaccharides), Capsule Shell (Hydroxypropyl Methylcellulose). \ Suitable For Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (2 capsules) Lion’s Mane Mushroom Extract 1000 mg typeId recently-viewed count 6