atchczdedkeseuiefritnlplptroseuk Clear Whey Isolate Price Regular Price: £34.99 Final Price: £23.99 Save £11.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Apple & Blackcurrant Blue Raspberry Cherry Bomb Cola Fruit Punch Orange Peach Iced Tea Pink Lemonade Strawberry & Watermelon Passionfruit Summer Fruits Tropical Cloudy Lemonade Size 500g 1kg 2kg Description Clear Whey Isolate Approved by men’s and women’s health Juicy, fruity and packed with 20g protein per scoop, clear whey satisfies your thirst after every session. It's made with premium hydrolysed whey protein isolate, so you can smash your daily protein goals and power your gains. A juicy flavoured protein water, clear whey is a refreshing way to maximise your results. Testers at men's and women's health magazine love the fruity flavours. You'll love the protein-packed refreshment. This is protein upgraded. Why should I take it? Want a lighter feeling after your shake? Tracking your calories? Or just want to try something new to hit your goals? This is for you. Each scoop serves up 20g protein, with only 86 calories and only 0.1g sugar. Sharp, crisp, and refreshing — taste the gains whilst maximising on flavour. Need to find out your protein requirements? Depending on your goals, aim for 1.6 to 2.2 grams of protein per kilogram of body weight per day. Check out our guide for more information. Bulk protip: combine with creatine to maximise every session and see the best results. Why it works FUEL YOUR SESSIONS: premium hydrolysed protein isolate SMASH YOUR DAILY PROTEIN GOALS: 20g clear protein in every scoop MAXIMISE YOUR RESULTS: with our award-winning formula TRACK YOUR MACROS: each serving contains just 86 calories and is sugar free TASTE THE GAINS: your daily protein-packed refreshment Directions Directions How do I use it? Mix 1 scoop (approximately 25g) with 350ml water in a shaker. Bulk Protip: Add the water first to achieve the perfect ratio For the perfect serve, wait for the foam to settle before drinking Savour the fruity flavours We suggest having anywhere between 1-3 servings per day Feel refreshed and satisfied \ Related Products Combine with Creatine Monohydrate to see the best results. Need to rehydrate after training? Try our Electrolyte Powder. Or prefer our Complete Hydration Drink for hydration and energy? Craving a protein snack on the go? Give our Macro Munch Bar a try! For a quick protein-packed snack to fuel your workout, check out our full range of protein bars. Looking for a delicious and nutritious addition to your protein shake? Check out our full peanut butter range. Need a pre-workout boost to kickstart your session? Check out our Dope Pre-Workout. If you are looking for another pre-workout, browse through our full range. Ingredients Ingredients Whey Protein Hydrolysate (Milk), Flavouring, Anti-Foaming Agents (Polydimethylsiloxane, Silicon Dioxide), Sweetener (Sucralose), Acid (Citric Acid), Colour (Beetroot Red). \ Suitable For Halal,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice For allergens, see ingredients in bold. May contain soya, cereals containing gluten, mustard, sesame seeds, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a dry cool place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g per serving (25g) Energy kJ/kcal 1455/343 364/86 Fat of which saturates 0.7g 0.4g 0.2g 0.1g Carbohydrate of which sugars 4.6g 0.4g 1.2g 0.1g Fibre 1.4g 0.4g Protein 80g 20g Salt 0.04g 0.01g typeId recently-viewed count 6