plczderochdknlfrseptesateuitukie Glucosamine & Chondroitin 700mg Price Regular Price: £12.99 Final Price: £11.09 Save £1.90 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required QTY 270 Tablets 90 Tablets Description Glucosamine & Chondroitin 700mg WHAT ARE GLUCOSAMINE & CHONDROITIN SULPHATE TABLETS 700mg? Bulk™ Glucosamine & Chondroitin Tablets 700mg provide an impressive 500mg Glucosamine Sulphate and 200mg Chondroitin Sulphate per individual tablet. Glucosamine is an amino sugar which can be found in the shells of shellfish Glucosamine Sulphate is naturally occurring in the human body – high levels of Glucosamine are found in the fluid that surrounds the joints. Chondroitin, sourced from Marine Cephalopods, is a sulphated Glycosaminoglycan which forms a structural component of cartilage. Chondroitin Sulphate is effectively absorbed with a majority passing the gastro-intestinal tract and finding its way to synovial fluid and cartilage. Bulk™ Glucosamine & Chondroitin Tablets 700mg offer excellent value for money when compared to similar products on the market. \ Benefits BENEFITS OF GLUCOSAMINE & CHONDROITIN SULPHATE TABLETS 700mg TABLETS - High potency, convenient tablet form - 700mg per tablet - Chondroitin is a structural component of cartilage - Glucosamine is found in fluid around the joints - Naturally occurring in the body - Ultra low pricing Directions Directions Take 2 tablets daily. Ingredients Ingredients Glucosamine Sulphate Potassium Chloride (2KCl) (Crustaceans), Chondroitin Sulphate Sodium (Fish), Bulking Agents (Microcrystalline Cellulose, Calcium Carbonate), Anti-Caking Agents (Magnesium Stearate, Silicon Dioxide). \ Suitable For Halal \ Allergen advice For allergens, see ingredients in bold. May contain soya, cereals containing gluten, molluscs, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (2 Tablets) Glucosamine Sulphate 1000 mg (providing Glucosamine 790 mg) Chondroitin Sulphate 400 mg typeId recently-viewed count 6