pldkseatchfreuieesitptroczdeuknl Clear Vegan Protein Price Regular Price: £26.99 Final Price: £21.99 Save £5.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Peach & Orange Tropical Size 300g 600g Description Clear Vegan Protein Looking for a fun and flavoursome way to add extra protein to your healthy, balanced lifestyle? It’s a clear choice if thick and creamy protein shakes aren’t your thing. An invigorating burst of fruity flavour to get those taste buds tingling. This plant-powered protein powder is set to impress. Simply shake with water or add your favourite fresh fruit for a next-level smoothie. Fancy something different? Make a mocktail, freeze into cooling ice lollies or go wild with homemade gummies. This is so much more than a shake. Which flavour first? Tasty Tropical, punchy Peach & Orange or autumnal Apple & Blackcurrant. The choice is yours. Each serving contains 15g high-quality pea protein and just 67 calories. Low in sugar (0.1g per serving) and low in fat (0.1g per serving), it’s light, refreshing and full of nutritional goodness. Looking for some inspiration? Try these Easy High-Protein Smoothie Recipes or High-protein Vegan Gummy Sweets Recipe. You won’t regret it. \ Purpose If you’re following a plant-based diet, looking to lower your dairy intake or simply don’t like thick and creamy shakes, this one’s on your side. A refreshing way to increase your protein intake as part of a healthy and balanced lifestyle. \ Benefits High protein 15g protein per serving. Low sugar and low fat 0.1g sugar and 0.1g fat per serving. Full of flavour Choose from a range of refreshingly fruity flavours. Easy Mixing With anti-foam compound to help bring the foaming down quickly. Healthy lifestyle A great choice to increase protein intake, particularly as part of a healthy lifestyle. Morning, noon or night A protein-packed food supplement that can be enjoyed anytime. So versatile Mix into shakes, smoothies, mocktails and more. Directions Directions Mix 1 scoop (approximately 20g) with 400ml water. For best results, after shaking wait approximately 30 seconds for the natural foaming to settle before drinking. Use 1-2 servings per day to boost your protein intake. \ Related Products Looking for more vegan protein powder products? Check out our Vegan Protein Powder, Pea Protein Powder and Soya Protein Isolate, Brown Rice Protein. Ready to get creative? Take a look at our protein recipes for ideas and inspiration. Looking for a vegan protein snack on the go? Try our Vegan Protein Brownie. Or if you are searching for a plant-based source of protein and healthy fats, add Chia Seeds. Ingredients Ingredients Hydrolysed Pea Protein, Flavouring, Acid (Citric Acid), Sweetener (Sucralose), Colour (Beta Carotene), Anti-Foaming Agents (Polydimethylsiloxane, Silicon Dioxide). \ Suitable For Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain milk, eggs, soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g per serving (20g) Energy kJ/kcal 1433/337 287/67 Fat of which saturates 0.4g 0.2g 0.1g 0g Carbohydrate of which sugars 8.8g 0.6g 1.8g 0.1g Fibre 0.5g 0.1g Protein 75g 15g Salt 4.40g 0.88g typeId recently-viewed count 6