frchatieczdeptnlitroplesdkeuukse Maltodextrin Price Regular Price: £10.99 Final Price: £9.99 Save £1.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Size 2.5kg 5kg Description Maltodextrin 100% pure maltodextrin with no additives or fillers. Contains 95g of carbohydrates per 100g – a perfect ingredient for DIY weight gain formulas. Maltodextrin is a carbohydrate source commonly used in weight gain shake formulas. Our Maltodextrin is high quality, with no unnecessary additives or fillers, so you can mix it with your favourite shake to add some extra carbs, or use it as part of your own DIY formula. Maltodextrin is a form of sugar manufactured from starch called a polysaccharide. It gets its name due to its formation from dextrose polymers of different lengths. Unlike dextrose, it doesn’t taste sweet. It’s a great carbohydrate to combine with whey protein, creatine and amino acids. \ Purpose Maltodextrin is typically used by experienced trainers to create DIY weight gain formulas, combined with other important nutritional supplements including protein, fats, BCAAs and creatine. \ Benefits Built for Bulking Load up on calories with minimal hassle: Almost 200kcal in a 50g serving. Energy Boost 47g of high quality carbohydrates per serving. Do It Yourself Use it to create your own personal workout supplement formula. Made for Mixing Ideal for mixing with your favourite shake formulas. Incredible Value Premium maltodextrin powder for a great price. Directions Directions Mix 1.5 scoops (approximately 50g) with 100ml water in a Bulk™ Shaker Bottle. Consume 1-3 servings daily - pre, intra and/or post-workout. For use in your own weight-gain formula we would suggest combining 50g Maltodextrin with 50g Pure Whey Protein™ and 10g Medium Chain Triglycerides. \ Related Products Maltodextrin is often combined with Creatine, Amino Acids (in particular Glutamine) and Whey Protein. It can also be combined with Dextrose for a post-exercise carbohydrate solution. Ingredients Ingredients Maltodextrin. \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain milk, eggs, soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g per serving (50g) Energy kJ/kcal 1615/380 808/190 Fat of which saturates 0g 0g 0g 0g Carbohydrate of which sugars 95g 8.2g 47g 4.1g Fibre 0g 0g Protein 0g 0g Salt 0g 0g typeId recently-viewed count 6