chczdedkeseuiefritnlplptroseukat Creatine Monohydrate (Creapure® ) Price Regular Price: £7.99 Final Price: £7.19 Save £0.80 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Mixed Berry Unflavoured Size 100g 500g 1kg Description Creatine Monohydrate (Creapure® ) The purest creatine monohydrate on the market from an industry leading source, with 99.95% purity for unbeatable nutrition to support your workout. Creatine is the most researched sports supplement on the market today, and has been shown to increase physical performance in successive bursts of short term, high intensity exercise*. Creapure®’s patent protected form of creatine monohydrate provides the purest formula on the market today. Creatine monohydrate is a non-essential compound that can be obtained through your diet or synthesised in the liver, pancreas and kidneys, but not to the levels required to enhance creatine stores in the muscle. As a result, it’s common for athletes to supplement with creatine powders or creatine pills Creapure® refine their creatine with a patented process, resulting in the purest formula possible, free from contaminants that often appear in lesser formulas. \ Purpose Creatine isn’t just the most researched training supplement on the market, it’s also one of the most popular. Creatine Monohydrate (Creapure®) is for anyone who wants the purest creatine possible to integrate into their everyday nutritional intake. We recommend consuming 3-5g of creatine after every workout for optimal intake, as well as on rest days to maintain uptake. \ Benefits Lab tested Confirmed highest quality by an HPLC analysis. Increase Physical Performance *Creatine increases physical performance in successive bursts of short-term, high intensity exercise. The beneficial effect is obtained with a daily intake of 3g of creatine. Morning, Noon or Night Morning, Noon or Night Great any time of day, whatever your workout regime. Made for Mixing Available unflavoured so you can blend it with your favourite shakes. Incredible Value 99.95% purity at an incredible price. Directions Directions Mix 1.5 scoops (approximately 5g) with 200ml water or a pre/post workout shake. Consume 1-2 servings daily. \ Related Products As part of a post-workout drink, Creapure® combines effectively with a high quality Whey Protein such as Informed Whey™. If taken pre-workout then combine with a pre-workout drink such as Elevate™. Check out our full range of creatine supplements, including creatine HCL and creatine tablets. Looking to stay hydrated while fueling your workouts? Try our Electrolyte Powder. Or prefer our Complete Hydration Drinkfor hydration and energy? Ingredients Ingredients Creatine Monohydrate (Creapure®) \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain milk, eggs, soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a dry cool place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (5 g) Creatine Monohydrate 5g typeId recently-viewed count 6