atchczdedkeseuiefritnlplptroseuk Lion's Mane Gummies Price Regular Price: £19.99 Final Price: £16.99 Save £3.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Blueberry QTY 60 Gummies Description Lion's Mane Gummies Powered by mushrooms The on-trend supplement, we’ve packed 1000mg of mushroom equivalent into two of our Lion’s Mane Gummies. Easy-to-eat and with a fresh blueberry flavour, they’re a convenient way to supplement your intake and stay on top of your game. Why should I take it? HIGH STRENGTH for everyday athletes TASTY AND CONVENIENT to suit an active lifestyle VEGAN AND VEGETARIAN FRIENDLY to power plant-based training When should I take them? Take two gummies at any time throughout the day Directions Directions How do I use it? Simply take two gummies per day and you’re all set. \ Related Products Lion’s Mane can be combined with KSM-66 ® Ashwagandha Capsules, Brain Health Capsules, Prom3ga™ or Complete Zen™ , along with many more products from our health and wellbeing range. Ingredients Ingredients Blueberry FlavourSucrose, Glucose Syrup, Lion's Mane Fruiting Body Extract 2:1 (Hericium erinaceus), Sweetener (Erythritol), Water, Gelling Agent (Pectin), Acidity Regulators (Citric Acid, Sodium Citrate), Colour (Anthocyanins), Natural Flavourings. \ Suitable For Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain milk, soya, cereals containing gluten, fish and crustaceans. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children.Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use.The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving Lion’s Mane Extract 2:1 500 mg (1000 mg Lion’s Mane Equivalent) typeId recently-viewed count 6