chatsefrpldkczrodeptnlukitieeseu Glutamine Tablets Price Regular Price: £19.99 Final Price: £9.99 Save £10.00 Clearance Sale: Now or never QTY 180 Tablets 90 Tablets Description Glutamine Tablets When it comes to amino acids found in muscle tissue, glutamine sits at the top. As the leader of the pack, it dominates all others. We’re not ones to pick favourites. But naturally, this supplement is a popular choice with serious weight trainers and bodybuilders. Glutamine is a conditionally essential amino acid. This means your body can produce it, but it may need to be supplemented through diet when under pressure. Working your muscles during intense training can significantly deplete your supply. So if you’re hitting the gym hard, these small but mighty tablets could be just the support you need. High quality and ultra pure (as you’d expect), our Glutamine Tablets allow you to conveniently top up when you need it most. Each tablet packs in 1000mg glutamine. Reach your daily dose in no time. It’s that simple. \ Purpose If you’re putting your body through its paces, our Glutamine Tablets are a convenient way to ensure optimum glutamine levels during the most vital periods. An easy on-the-go supplement to support your healthy diet. \ Benefits Workout replenishment Love working out? Keep your muscles topped up. A simple supplement A convenient tablet to take wherever you are. You choose when Take morning, noon or night, and ideally post workout. Directions Directions Take 3 tablets per day. On training days consume approximately 30 minutes after exercise. \ Related Products Glutamine Tablets pair well with many products, ranging from other amino acids, such as Instant BCAA, to other products including Pure Whey Protein™, Clear Whey Isolate and Complete T-Booster™. Ingredients Ingredients L-Glutamine, Bulking Agents (Microcrystalline Cellulose, Dicalcium Phosphate), Anti-Caking Agents (Magnesium Stearate, Silicon Dioxide). \ Suitable For Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (3 tablets) Glutamine 3g typeId recently-viewed count 6