pldechptfreuieitczatesnlroseukdk Diet Whey Protein Price Regular Price: £21.99 Final Price: £18.99 Save £3.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Chocolate Vanilla Size 500g 1kg Description Diet Whey Protein Our Diet Whey Protein combines whey protein concentrate and whey protein isolate with popular diet ingredients such as green coffee extract, green tea extract and glucomannan to support you in your dieting and lean muscle building goals. With 17g of protein and less than 90 calories per serving, this shake is ideal for trainers looking to aid their dieting journey whilst still hitting those protein macros. The added glucomannan contributes to weight loss* as well as the added iodine from PureSea™ Natural seaweed powder contributing to normal thyroid function and normal energy yielding metabolism**. We have also included 90mg of choline bitartrate to every serving and at least 2g of fibre per serving to support you further throughout the day. In 3 delicious flavours, Diet Whey Protein is suitable for anyone seeking a delicious shake that supports weight loss* while maintaining muscle mass as part of a healthy diet and active lifestyle. \ Purpose We created our Diet Whey Protein for those looking to support their weight loss* goals while maintaining lean muscle mass as part of a healthy diet and active lifestyle. Use Diet Whey Protein to ensure you’re maintaining your vital protein intake as part of an energy restricted diet. *contains glucomannan which, in the context of an energy restricted diet, contributes to weight loss. The beneficial effect is obtained with a daily intake of 3g glucomannan split across three 1g doses taken with 1-2 glasses of water before meals, in the context of an energy restricted diet. ** Iodine contributes to the normal production of thyroid hormones and normal thyroid function. ** Iodine contributes to normal energy yielding metabolism. \ Benefits Morning, Noon or Night Great any time of day, whatever your workout regime Combined Action By blending unique ingredients with different purposes, you get the best potential in a single supplement Smooth Texture Instantised with sunflower lecithin to ensure instant mixing with no lumps Directions Directions Mix 1 scoop (approximately 25g) with 175ml water in a shaker bottle and consume immediately. Use 2-3 servings daily. WARNING: Glucomannan (Konjac) Powder should be taken with plenty of water, to ensure it reaches the stomach. The product is not suitable for people with swallowing difficulties, as the fibre expands. WARNING: Do not consume more than 800mg of (-)-epigallocatechin-3-gallate (EGCG) in a day. Do not consume if taking other products containing green tea on the same day. Should not be consumed on an empty stomach. Should not be consumed by pregnant or lactating women and children below 18 years old. \ Related Products Seeking more diet protein? Check out our range of diet shakes. Want to enjoy your diet protein products with a syrup topping? Try our Zero Calorie Syrup. If you are looking for a pre-workout, browse through our full range. Or check out our full range of protein bars if you are looking for a protein snack. Looking for a delicious and nutritious addition to your protein shake? Check out our full peanut butter range. Ingredients Ingredients Whey Protein Concentrate (Milk), Whey Protein Isolate (Milk), VitaFiber™ (Isomalto-oligosaccharide), Glucomannan (Konjac), Flavouring, Green Coffee Extract, Thickeners (Xanthan Gum, Guar Gum), Green Tea Extract, Emulsifier (Sunflower Lecithin), Choline Bitartrate, Sweeteners (Sucralose, Steviol Glycosides), Seaweed Extract (PureSea™ Natural) \ Allergen advice For allergens, see ingredients in bold. May contain eggs, soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g per serving (25g) Energy kJ/kcal 1524/360 381/90 Fat of which saturates 2.3g 1.2g 0.6g 0.3g Carbohydrate of which sugars 12g 3.0g 2.9g 0.8g Fibre 8.2g 2.1g Protein 69g 17g Salt 0.50g 0.13g \ Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (25g) Reference Intake of an average adult (%) Iodine 65μg 43 Glucomannan 1g Choline Bitartrate 100mg Green Tea Extract 150mg (providing (-)-epigallocatechin- 3-gallate (EGCG) 15mg) typeId recently-viewed count 6