ukatchczdedkeseuiefritnlplptrose Pistachio Butter Price Regular Price: £27.99 Final Price: £22.39 Save £5.60 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Smooth Size 500g 1kg Description Pistachio Butter 100% natural, high quality pistachio butter, manufactured exclusively for Bulk™. Source of protein, full of flavour and perfect for bulking up. Our Pistachio Butter is exactly what it says it is. A rich, natural butter produced from 100% roasted whole pistachios and nothing else. No added salt, sugar*, palm oil or preservatives, it’s an ideal option for any mass gain programme. 100% roasted, whole pistachios Delicious, natural taste with a smooth, buttery texture No added salt, sugar, palm oil No added preservatives *Contains naturally occurring sugars. \ Purpose Our Pistachio Butter is ideal if you’re looking to bulk up quickly and effectively, with 620kcal per 100g. And with over 8g of fibre per 100g, it’s also a great ingredient for anyone looking to upgrade their lifestyle with some healthy nutritional alternatives. \ Benefits Source of Protein With 23g of protein per 100g, our Pistachio Butter is an easy way to add extra protein into your diet. Built for Bulking Load up on calories with minimal hassle: 620kcal per 100g. All-Rounder Mix it in with your shakes or add it to a sandwich to add nutritional value. Directions Directions Great in smoothies, shakes and porridge or eaten straight off the spoon. Note: This nut butter might separate over time which is completely natural. If this happens just give it a stir. \ Related Products Pistachio Butter is a tasty way to add calories to your daily Protein Shake. Try a spoonful in our delicious Protein Porridge or Informed Mass®, or why not experiment in cooking with pistachio butter. Craving a classic peanut butter? Give our Peanut Butter a try! Ingredients Ingredients 100% Roasted Pistachio Nuts. \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice For allergens, see ingredients in bold. May contain cereals containing gluten, soya, sesame seeds, milk, peanuts and other nuts. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. After opening consume within 3 months. \ Advisory Information Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g Energy kJ/kcal 2591/620 Fat of which saturates 51g 6.4g Carbohydrate of which sugars 13g 5.2g Fibre 8.4g Protein 23g Salt 0.02g typeId recently-viewed count 6