desechczatdkitnlieptukpleseurofr Peanut Butter - Smooth 1kg Price Regular Price: £7.99 Final Price: £4.39 Save £3.60 Clearance Description Peanut Butter - Smooth 1kg 100% natural, high quality peanut butter, manufactured exclusively for Bulk™. Source of protein, full of flavour and perfect for bulking up. Our Peanut Butter 1kg is exactly what it says it is. A rich, natural butter produced from 100% roasted whole peanuts and nothing else. No added salt, sugar, palm oil or preservatives and it’s available in both crunchy and smooth varieties. - 100% roasted, whole peanuts - Delicious, natural taste with a smooth, buttery texture - No added salt, sugar, palm oil - No added preservatives - Available in crunchy or smooth varieties *Contains naturally occurring sugars. \ Purpose Our Peanut Butter 1kg is ideal if you’re looking to bulk up quickly and effectively thanks to its protein and fat content. It’s 100% whole peanuts and nothing else. \ Benefits Source of protein With 28g of protein per 100g, our peanut butter is an easy way to add extra protein into your diet. Built for Bulking Load up on calories with minimal hassle: 627kcal per 100g. All-Rounder Mix it in with your shakes or add it to a sandwich to add nutritional value. Directions Directions To be enjoyed on its own, or with food, this protein snack is a perfect way to liven up any meal. Mix itAdd this pure peanut butter to smoothies or shakes, or even your morning porridge, to enhance the taste. Smear ItPerfect with toast, bagel or bread. Spoon itOr just dunk your spoon in, and enjoy as a post-workout fuel. Note: This nut butter might separate over time which is completely natural. If this happens just give it a stir. Ingredients Ingredients Peanuts (100%). \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice For allergens, please see ingredients in bold. May contain milk, soya, sesame seeds and other nuts. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. After opening consume within 3 months. \ Advisory Information Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g Energy kJ/kcal 2597/627 Fat of which saturates 51g 6.3g Carbohydrate of which sugars 12g 6.1g Fibre 4.9g Protein 28g Salt 0g FAQs FAQs What are the benefits of using Peanut Butter? Our peanut butter is made from 100% nuts, meaning the benefits of nut butters are much the same as the nuts they’re made from. They’re rich in nutrition, particularly protein, making them great for anyone on a mass gaining programme, and because they’re processed into a butter, they’re easy to add to other recipes for added nutrition. Who should eat Peanut Butter? Our peanut butter is suitable for anyone. Whether you're a serious trainer looking to contribute to your protein intake with a healthy snack, or just someone who loves nut butters - this natural option means you can be confident that your peanut fix has no additives. What does it taste like? Because it's made from 100% natural peanuts, our butter has that authentic peanut taste, and is available in a deliciously smooth or delightfully crunchy variety. Are there any dietary restrictions? Our 100% peanut butter is suitable for vegetarian, vegan or plant-based. Is peanut butter a good source of protein? Peanut butter is a great source of protein, and is good for partnering with protein shakes. It's ideal for those on a mass gaining programme. typeId recently-viewed count 6