pldeieesatdkczchnleuitroukfrptse Beef Protein Isolate 97 Price Regular Price: £32.99 Final Price: £26.99 Save £6.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Banana Fudge Chocolate Chocolate Peanut Unflavoured Size 500g 1kg 2.5kg 5kg Description Beef Protein Isolate 97 If you’re looking for an alternative to whey protein, or following a strict Paleo Diet, Beef Protein Isolate 97 (HydroBEEF™) is just for you. Shake up a smoothie with nut butter and seeds, stir into porridge or simply add water or milk. Ready to bake? Power-up your homemade brownies, cookies or muffins. The options don’t stop there. Choose from Chocolate, Chocolate Peanut or Banana Fudge flavours. If you like to keep it simple, go for Unflavoured. Each serving packs in at least 27g protein and less than 123 calories. Beef Protein Isolate 97 (HydroBEEF™) is also low in sugar (less than 1g per serving) and low in fat (less than 0.9g per serving). And because quality is always at the top of our list, this premium formula is made from HydroBEEF™ - a complete and premium protein, with an impressive 97% protein content, sourced from fresh European beef. Hydrolysised to make it super soluble, this is one of the purest protein sources you’ll find. \ Purpose If you’re looking for an alternative to whey proteins, or following a strict Paleo Diet, Beef Protein Isolate 97 has been created just for you. Enjoy this premium protein boost as part of a healthy and balanced lifestyle. Because of its high purity, some people may find the Unflavoured formula unpleasant to taste. We would recommend mixing with your favourite shake or smoothie, or choosing one of the delicious flavours. \ Benefits High Protein At least 27g protein packed into every serving. Low sugar and low fat Less than 1g sugar and less than 0.9g fat per serving. Healthy lifestyle A great choice to increase protein intake, particularly as part of a healthy lifestyle. Morning, noon or night A protein-packed food supplement that can be enjoyed anytime. So versatile Mix into shakes and smoothies or add to baking. Directions Directions Mix 1 heaped scoop (30g) with 200ml water and shake well. We recommend 1-3 servings per day, but in accordance with your own protein requirements. Please note that the high protein content of this product results in foaming. We suggest leaving the shake to stand for 1 minute before consuming so the foam can disperse. You could enjoy a shake in the morning, mix into a smoothie or stir into porridge. Suitable any time of day to increase your protein intake, particularly as part of a healthy lifestyle. \ Related Products Need a pre-workout boost to kickstart your session? Check out our Dope Pre-Workout. Prefer a plant-based protein? Try our Vegan Protein Powder. Or for another vegan-friendly option, check out our Pea Protein Isolate. If you're after a more refined and non plant-based option, check out Pure Whey Isolate™. For something lighter and more refreshing, Clear Whey Isolate might be what you are looking for. Searching to enhance your routine? Consider adding Creatine Monohydrate alongside your protein intake. And if you need more calories to support your goals, try our Mass Gainer. Craving a protein snack on the go? Give our Macro Munch Bar a try! Ingredients Ingredients Hydrolysed Beef Protein Isolate (HydroBEEF™), Emulsifier (Sunflower Lecithin), Reduced Fat Cocoa Powder, Flavouring, Sweetener (Sucralose) \ Suitable For Halal \ Allergen advice May contain milk, soya, cereals containing gluten, mustard, sesame seeds, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g per serving (30g) Energy kJ/kcal 1725/407 518/122 Fat of which saturates 2.5g 1g 0.8g 0.3g Carbohydrate of which sugars 6g 3g 1.8g 0.9g Fibre 0g 0g Protein 90g 27g Salt 1.53g 0.45g typeId recently-viewed count 6