plptdkatitchnlukdeieroessefrczeu Branched Chain Amino Acids Price Regular Price: £8.99 Final Price: £7.99 Save £1.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required QTY 100 Tablets 250 Tablets Description Branched Chain Amino Acids An easy way to up your intake of BCAAs, these tablets provide 1000mg of BCAAs in a single serving, delivering leucine, isoleucine and valine in an impressive 2:1:1 ratio. BCAAs are a specific form of essential amino acid that comprise about ⅓ of the protein in our muscles, and can only be obtained from the diet. Our Branched Chain Amino Acid (BCAA) Tablets provide you with the 3 essential BCAAs in a simple, convenient form. Each serving of our Branched Chain Amino Acid (BCAA) Tablets provides you with 1000mg of leucine, isoleucine and valine in a 2:1:1 ratio, so you always have quick, easy access to high quality BCAAs to support your training journey. \ Purpose Our Branched Chain Amino Acid (BCAA) Tablets are designed for anyone looking to maintain their BCAA intake on a daily basis. They’re ideal for trainers on a vegan or vegetarian diet as some BCAAs are difficult to obtain from non-animal food products. \ Benefits Combined Action Contains an impressive blend of BCAAs to provide the best nutrition possible. Morning, Noon or Night Great any time of day, whatever your workout regime. Directions Directions Take 5 tablets anytime you want extra BCAA. \ Related Products Want to level up your recovery and performance? Check out our full creatine range here. During exercise it is common to consume Branch Chain Amino Acids combined with a fast-release carbohydrate such as Dextrose or Maltodextrin. This is designed to prevent fatigue and thus improve athletic performance. BCAA also stack well with Glutamine; together they form an impressive muscle-preserving duo. Discover more of our EAA supplements, including our amino acid powders. Ingredients Ingredients Branched Chain Amino Acids (Leucine, Isoleucine, Valine), Bulking Agents (Di Calcium Phosphate, Microcrystalline Cellulose), Anti-Caking Agents (Magnesium Stearate, Silicon Dioxide), Vitamin B6 (Pyridoxine Hydrochloride). \ Suitable For Halal,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (5 Tablets) Reference Intake of an average adult (%) Isoleucine 1250mg Vitamin B6 10mg 714 Leucine 2500mg Valine 1250mg typeId recently-viewed count 6