plczrochnlfrseptesateuitukiededk Marine Collagen & Vitamin C Capsules Price Regular Price: £12.99 Final Price: £7.99 Save £5.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required QTY 180 Capsules 60 Capsules Description Marine Collagen & Vitamin C Capsules Supporting your skin couldn’t be simpler. Our Marine Collagen & Vitamin C Capsules have been expertly formulated to help you take care from the inside. Each serving packs in 1,000mg type 1 marine collagen and 80mg vitamin C. Two capsules, once a day, and you’re good to go. Collagen is the most abundant protein in the human body. It’s everywhere. In the bones, skin, gums, blood vessels, teeth and cartilage. Your natural production slows down with age, so a supplement can be a good idea. Vitamin C contributes towards normal collagen formation.* Combine the two, and you’re onto a winner. \ Purpose If you’re looking for a convenient way to support your skin, our Marine Collagen & Vitamin C capsules are just for you. A serving of 2 capsules provides 1,000mg marine collagen and 100% of your daily recommended intake of vitamin C. Made from type 1 marine collagen, this is a great alternative to bovine collagen. \ Benefits Potently dosed 1,000mg marine collagen and 80mg vitamin C per serving. Support your skin Contributes to normal collagen formation.* Convenience in a capsule Easy to take any time of day. Make it your own Combine with other supplements to tailor your nutritional needs. * Vitamin C contributes to normal collagen formation for the normal function of bones, cartilage, skin, gums, teeth and blood vessels. Directions Directions Take 2 capsules per day, ideally with food. \ Related Products Prefer a powdered option? Try our Collagen & Vitamin C Powder. Or looking for a multivitamin complex instead of a single vitamin? Try our Complete Multivitamin Complex™ Tablets. Looking to support your immune system? Check out our Vitamin D3 Tablets. If you are looking for another collagen supplement to mix up your routine, try our Collagen Coffee. Ingredients Ingredients Fish Collagen, Capsule Shell (Hydroxypropyl Methyl Cellulose), Bulking Agent (Microcrystalline Cellulose), Vitamin C (Ascorbic Acid), Anti-Caking Agents (Magnesium Stearate, Silicon Dioxide). \ Allergen advice For allergens, see ingredients in bold. May contain soya, cereals containing gluten, crustaceans, molluscs, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (2 capsules) Reference Intake of an average adult (%) Fish Collagen Peptides 1000mg Vitamin C 80mg 100 typeId recently-viewed count 6