plptdkatitchnlukdeieroessefrczeu Iron Capsules (K-Pure®) Price Regular Price: £11.99 Final Price: £7.99 Save £4.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required QTY 270 Capsules 90 Capsules Description Iron Capsules (K-Pure®) Premium iron supplement using highly bioavailable ferrous bisglycinate from K-Pure®, providing 5mg of iron in a single capsule serving. Iron is an important mineral in any healthy diet, contributing to normal transport of oxygen through the blood, as well as helping to reduce tiredness and fatigue. This supplement uses ferrous bisglycinate, a highly bioavailable form of Iron often referred to as ‘gentle Iron’ to give you the best possible nutrition in a single capsule. K-Pure® is a world leading manufacturer of the finest minerals, using the latest technology to produce high quality minerals with superior absorption. K-Pure® ferrous bisglycinate has a 24% iron content, meaning each capsule supplement provides 5mg of rapid absorbing iron. \ Purpose Iron is an essential mineral that plays a number of important roles in your body. Its contribution to reduction of tiredness and fatigue, oxygen transport, cognitive function and energy yielding metabolism makes it especially important for anyone with an active lifestyle. Our Iron Capsules (K-Pure®) can also be used by anyone who requires additional iron supplementation alongside their dietary intake. \ Benefits Incredible Value Provides premium quality K-Pure® Ferrous Bisglycinate at a great price. Daily Dose Take regularly to ensure you get your recommended intake of Iron. Directions Directions Take 1 capsule per day, ideally with food. \ Related Products Vitamin C Tablets are an obvious choice to take in conjunction with Iron, as they have been shown to increase Iron absorption. If you are taking an Iron supplement because you follow a Vegan diet, then B Vitamin Complex Tablets may also be of benefit. Looking for another essential mineral? Check out our Magnesium Bisglycinate Tablets 500mg. Tto add more vitamins alongside your minerals, check out our Collagen & Vitamin C Powder. Or prefer a multivitamin complex instead of a single vitamin? Try our Complete Multivitamin Complex™ Tablets. Looking to support your immune system? Check out our Vitamin D3 Tablets. If you are looking for multivitamins instead of minerals, take a look at our full range of multivitamins. Ingredients Ingredients Bulking Agent (Maltodextrin), Capsule Shell (Hydroxypropyl Methyl Cellulose), Ferrous Bisglycinate (K-Pure®), Anti-Caking Agent (Magnesium Stearate). \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (1 Capsule) Reference Intake of an average adult (%) Iron 5mg 36 typeId recently-viewed count 6