atchczdedkeseuiefritnlplptroseuk Pre-Workout ADVANCED Price Regular Price: £34.99 Final Price: £19.99 Save £15.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Apple & Lime Blue Raspberry Energy Drink Mixed Berry Passionfruit Tropical Size 500g 1kg Description Pre-Workout ADVANCED If you’re looking for a little extra boost for your workouts, Pre-Workout™ ADVANCED is for you. With measured doses of key ingredients, plus a few extras added in as well, this formula gives you the nutrition you need to seriously train. Pre-Workout™ ADVANCED contains 5g of essential BCAAs in a Leucine-heavy 3:1:1 ratio, 3g of AAKG and 400mg of L-tyrosine. On top of that, it has high levels of other key ingredients, which can contribute to reducing fatigue and tiredness. \ Purpose If you’re a serious trainer looking for an extra boost, this is the pre-workout formula for you. \ Benefits Advanced Formula Giving you the nutrition you need to seriously train. Measured Doses Every ingredient is dosed to optimal levels, higher than most competing products. Combined Action By blending unique ingredients with different purposes, you get the best potential in a single supplement Directions Directions Mix 1 scoop (approximately 17g) with 250ml water in a shaker bottle. Consume 30 mins before exercise, ideally on an empty stomach, 1 serving per day. WARNINGS: High caffeine content (80mg/100ml). Not recommended for children or pregnant or breast feeding women. Contains silica bag - DO NOT EAT. This product contains Beta Alanine which may produce a tingling, itching or flushing sensation of the skin. This effect is harmless and typically subsides within an hour of use. Read this blogpostto learn more. \ Related Products Looking for more creatine options? Check out our full range. Pre-workout™ is ideal for those supplementing with either Complete Intra-Workout™ or Instant BCAA during exercise and All In One Recovery or Recovery Shake. Looking for more? Discover our full range of pre-workout. To stay hydrated before your workout, try our Electrolyte Powder. Or prefer our Complete Hydration Drink for hydration and energy? You can also combine it with our Essential Amino Acids to expand your nutritional intake. Ingredients Ingredients BCAA (Leucine, Isoleucine, Valine), Arginine Alpha Ketoglutarate, Citrulline Malate, Beta Alanine, Flavouring, Leucine, Tyrosine, Acid (Citric Acid), Caffeine Anhydrous, Sweetener (Sucralose), Emulsifier (Soya Lecithin), Colour (Beetroot Red), Vitamin B6. \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice For allergens, see ingredients in bold. May contain milk, cereals containing gluten, mustard, sesame seeds, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a dry cool place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (17 g) Reference Intake of an average adult (%) Branched Chain Amino Acids (BCAA) 5g (Leucine) 3g (Isoleucine) 1g (Valine) 1g Arginine Alpha Ketoglutarate 3g Beta Alanine 3g Citrulline Malate 3g L-Tyrosine 400mg Caffeine 200mg Vitamin B6 5mg 357 typeId recently-viewed count 6