atchczdedkeseuiefritnlplptroseuk Whey Protein Coffee Price Regular Price: £24.99 Final Price: £15.99 Save £9.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Iced Latte Iced Caramel Latte Iced Mocha Size 500g 1kg Description Whey Protein Coffee Make gains with morning iced coffee Switch up your mornings with our iced Protein Coffee. Containing 17g of premium whey protein, it’s an easy way to make gains to your protein goals. It has smooth tones of roasted beans sourced from high-altitude coffee regions across Brazil. Each sip provides a rich, creamy latte taste that replicates the barista experience. Quick and convenient, it’s a simple way to make the perfect iced coffee at home. Make it part of your daily routine to get added whey protein, great taste and ice-cold refreshment. Why do I need it? Protein Coffee provides 17g whey protein first thing in the morning, giving you a head start on your protein goals. We suggest aiming for 1.6 to 2.2 grams of protein per kilogram of body weight per day. Make Protein Coffee a must-have in the mornings for a delicious way to get easy protein. Protein Coffee is a proprietary blend of whey protein and high quality coffee beans from Bulk. This high protein coffee drink is an alternative to the typical specialised protein beverages making it a good option for anyone looking for the convenience of increasing their protein intake without having a dedicated shake. It can be used as a replacement to your usual coffee with added protein for a morning nutritional boost. This makes it particularly practical on the go or as a healthy afternoon pick-me-up with less sugar than the average coffee drink. Reviewed by experts "Coffee has been one of the most popular drinks in the world for generations. The goal of protein coffee is to take this popular drink and turn it into a functional drink helping all coffee lovers to achieve their protein goals and get closer to their recommended daily nutritional intake" - Rowan Cooke Head of Innovation Why it works - RICH, CREAMY TASTE made with Brazilian roasted coffee beans - MAKE EASY GAINS* with 17g whey protein per serving - A SIMPLE SWITCH to get a head start on your daily protein goals first thing - ICE-COLD REFRESHMENT to replicate the perfect iced coffee *Protein contributes to a growth in muscle mass. Directions Directions Just add 1 scoop (30g) to 200 ml of water and shake well. Use 1-2 servings per day to help boost your protein intake. Whey Protein Coffee is best used in the morning. \ Related Products Looking for similar products? Protein Coffee can be taken every day but if you're looking for other protein drinks some great options include Pure Whey Protein our best selling smooth protein powder for anyone looking for a milkshake texture, Clear Whey Isolate for even less sugar in a light, refreshing drink or Vegan Protein Powder if you are looking to avoid lactose. Ingredients Ingredients Whey Protein Concentrate (Milk), Skimmed Milk Powder, Instant Coffee, Flavourings, Thickeners (Guar Gum, Xanthan Gum), Emulsifier (Sunflower Lecithin), Sweetener (Sucralose). \ Suitable For Vegetarian \ Allergen advice For allergens, see ingredients in bold. May contain soya, cereals containing gluten, mustard, sesame seeds, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Reseal pouch after use \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g per serving (30g) Energy kJ/kcal 1534/362 453/107 Fat of which saturates 2.7 g 1.4 g 0.8 g 0.4 g Carbohydrate of which sugars 24 g 17 g 7.2 g 5.1 g Fibre 5.0 g 1.5 g Protein 58 g 17 g Salt 0.82 g 0.25 g typeId recently-viewed count 6