chplatdedkesfrczeuitukseienlropt Dried Goji Berries - 500g Price Regular Price: £11.99 Final Price: £4.99 Save £7.00 Clearance Description Dried Goji Berries - 500g 100% dried goji berries, a convenient and delicious source of protein in fruit form, perfect for snacking on the go or as an extra source of nutrition between meals. Goji berries, also known as wolfberries, are a delicious small, red fruit. These Dried Goji Berries are a convenient snack for when you’re on the move, or for mixing into smoothies, or even home baking recipes. Fruit typically contains low amounts of protein, but our goji berries contains 12g of protein per 100g and are additive and preservative free. \ Purpose Our Dried Goji Berries are perfect for anyone looking for an easy and delicious fruit-based snack at any time of day. Edible straight from the pack, they’re a great option for anyone who wants to increase their protein consumption to help growth and maintenance of muscle mass, as well as for adding to meals to boost nutrition and add some natural flavour. \ Benefits Protein Provides 12g of protein per 100g, a great fruit-based way to add protein to your diet. Directions Directions Great in porridge and granola or eaten as a snack. \ Related Products There are no direct synergists of Dried Goji Berries, but they are often consumed alongside other products from the Bulk™ Active Foods™ range, such as Dried Whole Apricots. Ingredients Ingredients Dried Goji Berries. \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain milk, eggs, soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g Energy kJ/kcal 1438/341 Fat of which saturates 3.2g 1.2g Carbohydrate of which sugars 60g 50g Fibre 12g Protein 12g Salt 1.49g typeId recently-viewed count 6