plchczseatdkeudeitukfresnlieptro Chia Seeds Price Regular Price: £6.99 Final Price: £5.49 Save £1.50 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Size 500g 1kg Description Chia Seeds High quality chia seeds sourced from South America. Source of protein, full of flavour and a great source of dietary fibre. Our Chia Seeds are packed with 23g of protein and 28g of dietary fibre per 100g, making them a great whole grain food source with excellent nutritional content. Sourced from the Salvia hispanica plant native to southern Mexico and Guatemala, our Chia Seeds are a great way to boost the nutritional content of other meals such as porridge or shakes, or to pack in protein between meals as an easy and delicious snack. \ Purpose Our premium Chia Seeds are a great source of protein, and ideal for anyone looking to boost the nutritional content of other meals, or a healthy snack. They can also be mixed with water for a superb intra-workout drink. \ Benefits Incredible Value High quality, natural nutrition at a low price. High in Protein With 23g of protein per 100g, our Chia Seeds are an easy way to add extra protein into your diet. Full of Fibre 28g of fibre per 100g to increase fibre in your diet. Directions Directions Make chia pudding, use in smoothies or sprinkle on top of porridge. The recommended daily intake is no more than 15g. Ingredients Ingredients Chia Seeds (Salvia hispanica). \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain milk, eggs, soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a dry cool place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g Energy kJ/kcal 1838/444 Fat of which saturates 29g 3.0g Carbohydrate of which sugars 8.8g 0.5g Fibre 28g Protein 23g Salt 0g typeId recently-viewed count 6