atienldkeseusechukptitdeczrofrpl Vitargo Price Regular Price: £21.99 Final Price: £15.99 Save £6.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Size 1kg 2.5kg Description Vitargo 100% Vitargo®, a world patented sports carbohydrate, providing an incredible 70g of rapidly absorbing carbs in a single 75g serving. Ideal for strength and endurance athletes who need optimal carb replenishment before, during and after intensive workouts. Vitargo® is a world patented sports carbohydrate, formulated to provide a faster release and absorption than standard carbohydrates, making it an ideal training supplement. This Vitargo® supplement provides pure Vitargo®, so you can mix it in with your favourite shakes, smoothies and snacks for a quick carb boost. Vitargo® is produced from amylopectin maize starch, modified through a patented formula to create a larger carbohydrate molecule that moves through the digestive tract much faster than sugar-based carbohydrates. It’s also super soluble, so it mixes easily to create a smooth, simple source of instant carbs that’s ideal for carb loading before, during and after a big training or competition day. \ Purpose Vitargo® is an ideal supplement for athletes and trainers who want to up their carbohydrate consumption, whether for a weight gain programme or in preparation for race day. \ Benefits Energy Boost 70g of advanced sports carbohydrates in a single serving. Made for Mixing Available unflavoured so you can mix it in with your favourite shakes. Morning, Noon or Night Great any time of day, whatever your workout regime. Directions Directions Mix 2.5 scoops (approximately 75g) with 500ml water in a Bulk™ Shaker Bottle. The best times to use Vitargo include pre, during and post-exercise, 1-2 servings per day. \ Related Products Vitargo® can be combined with most products, from amino acids such as Creatine and BCAA; to Electrolytes and Pure Whey Protein™. Ingredients Ingredients Waxy Maize Starch (Vitargo®). \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain milk, eggs, soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g per serving (75g) Energy kJ/kcal 1581/372 1186/279 Fat of which saturates 0g 0g 0g 0g Carbohydrate of which sugars 93g 0g 70g 0g Fibre 0g 0g Protein 0g 0g Salt 0g 0g typeId recently-viewed count 6