deieplesitdkcznlroeuchsefratptuk Ultra Fine Oats Price Regular Price: £4.99 Final Price: £3.99 Save £1.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Chocolate Unflavoured Size 1kg 2.5kg 5kg Description Ultra Fine Oats A premium source of slow release carbohydrates. Ideal for adding to shakes for an extra hit of energy without the unnecessary sugar. Oats are probably best known as a breakfast food, but they’re great for sports nutrition. High in complex carbohydrates and low in sugar, they’re an ideal ingredient for protein shakes and weight gain programmes. These Ultra Fine Oats have been ground down to an ultra fine powder, making them easy to add to your favourite protein shakes, smoothies, and even baking recipes. \ Purpose Our Ultra Fine Oats are adaptable, versatile and easy to mix, so they’re perfect for integrating into your regular nutritional regime. They’re especially good for athletes on a weight gain programme who need extra calories to pile on the muscle. \ Benefits Built for Bulking Load up on calories with minimal hassle Morning, Noon or Night Great any time of day, whatever your workout regime. Low Sugar Rich in complex carbohydrates with a low sugar content. Made for Mixing Available unflavoured so you can mix it in with your favourite shakes Directions Directions Mix 1 scoop of oats (50g) with 250ml of water in a shaker bottle and drink. Also great in shakes, smoothies and baking. \ Related Products Ultra Fine Oats can be used as part of a homemade weight gainer or meal replacement. We would suggest combining them with ingredients such as Pure Whey Protein™ and Medium Chain Triglycerides. Looking for a gluten-free option? Check out our gluten free oats. For a drink to pair with your morning oats, try Collagen Coffee. Want to add a superfood to your oats? Sprinkle in some Chia Seeds. Or check out our full range of protein bars if you are looking for a protein snack. Or searching for a delicious and nutritious addition to your protein shake? Check out our full peanut butter range. Ingredients Ingredients Ultra-Fine Oats. \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice For allergens, including cereals containing gluten, see ingredients in bold. May contain milk, eggs, soya, other cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g per serving (50g) Energy kJ/kcal 1592/378 803/191 Fat of which saturates 8.1g 1.6g 4.0g 0.8g Carbohydrate of which sugars 61g 1.5g 31g 0.8g Fibre 8.5g 4.3g Protein 11g 5.5g Salt 0.08g 0.04g typeId recently-viewed count 6