plchptseeuesdenlitatcziefrdkukro Flavoured Peanut Butter Price Regular Price: £7.99 Final Price: £7.19 Save £0.80 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Chocolate Brownie Size 500g Description Flavoured Peanut Butter Introducing our delicious range of smooth and creamy flavoured peanut butters, manufactured exclusively for Bulk™. These premium peanut butters are not only sensational when it comes to flavour, they also offer a source of protein, are suitable for vegans and perfect for bulking up. Made using premium roasted peanuts and with no added sugar*, palm oil or preservatives. Loaded with protein and fibre, they’re ideal for any mass gain programme, or for people looking for a nutritionally favourable spread. *contains naturally occurring sugars. \ Purpose Our flavoured nut butters are perfect for anyone seeking an indulgent, delicious product to complete their shakes, breakfast or simply eaten straight off the spoon. \ Benefits Source of Protein With 27g of protein per 100g, our peanut butter is an easy way to add extra protein into your diet. Built for Bulking Load up on calories with minimal hassle: 620kcal per 100g. All-rounder Mix in with your shakes or add to your breakfast to add nutritional value. Directions Directions Consumption of our flavoured peanut butters is self-limiting, so we advise using this product in accordance with your dietary requirements. Note: These nut butters may separate over time which is completely natural. If this happens just give it a stir. \ Related Products Craving a classic peanut butter? Give our Peanut Butter a try! Ingredients Ingredients Peanuts (96%), Reduced-Fat Cocoa Powder, Flavouring, Sweetener (Sucralose). \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice For allergens, please see ingredients in bold. May contain other nuts, soya, sesame and milk. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. After opening consume within 3 months. \ Advisory Information Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g Energy kJ/kcal 2515/608 Fat of which saturates 50g 4.9g Carbohydrate of which sugars 7.8g 6.2g Fibre 9.2g Protein 27g Salt 0g typeId recently-viewed count 6