atchczdedkeseuiefritnlplptroseuk BCAA Supplements category sports-nutrition/amino-acids/bcaa BCAA is an abbreviation of branched chain amino acids. BCAA supplements are a collection of three essential amino acids: Leucine, isoleucine and valine. Whether you’re looking to increase protein synthesis or reduce muscle breakdown, Bulk™ has BCAA supplements in formats that can be used pre, intra and post-workout, or even to consume throughout the day to prevent muscle loss or catabolism. Many choose to have BCAA Powder mixed in with their water or some fruit juice during training for anti-catabolic benefits, or use something like BCAA Tablets Others take BCAA supplements throughout the day to increase protein synthesis. However you choose to use BCAA, Bulk™ has a format to suit you – at a price that suits too. Discover our range of BCAA powders and supplements. BCAA FAQS What are Branched Chain Amino Acids? BCAAs, or Branched-Chain Amino Acids, are a group of three of the nine essential amino acids that include Leucine, Isoleucine and Valine. As part of a healthy lifestyle, they can support muscle growth and maintenance, recovery and muscle soreness, and provide energy, all by promoting protein synthesis. They're ‘essential', which means your body can't produce them and this must be taken through your diet. What are the benefits of taking BCAA powders? BCAA powders can be a simple, efficient way to increase your intake of essential amino acids to aid muscle maintenance and recovery. Are BCAA drinks healthy? Our Instant BCAA is for anyone who needs some extra amino acids in their diet, or wants to make sure they’re getting a steady supply every day, no matter what. It’s especially good if you’re on a vegan or meat-free diet, as vegan protein sources like nuts and grains generally have a lower BCAA content than foods like red meat and dairy products. Is it best to take BCAA before or after a workout? We have a variety of supplements that make it easy for you to top up on BCAAs at a time that suits you. For during your workout, we recommend sipping our Instant BCAA powder. Or if you need to boost your intake during the day, our tablet form enables you to do so with ease. What are the different types of BCAA supplements? There are a number of different types of supplements available to increase your BCAAs. Perhaps the most popular is our Instant BCAA powder, which works in the same way as your protein powder to provide a drinkable, easily made shake to sip before, during or after your workout. They also come in tablet form, which can be taken throughout the day whenever you require. How do BCAA supplements work? BCAAs are a specific form of essential amino acid that comprise about ⅓ of the protein in our muscles, and can only be obtained from the diet. During exercise it is common to consume Branch Chain Amino Acids combined with a fast-release carbohydrate such as Dextrose or Maltodextrin. This is designed to improve energy levels. BCAA also stacks well with Glutamine; together they form an impressive muscle-preserving duo. Do BCAAs stimulate muscle protein synthesis? Yes, particularly leucine. BCAAs have anabolic effects on protein metabolism by increasing the rate of protein synthesis, as well as decreasing the rate of protein degradation in muscle. Should I take BCAAs everyday? Research has shown that it is safe to take BCAAs everyday, provided you stick to the recommended dosage. You can generally take BCAAs anytime of the day, though it may be more beneficial to take them before, during, or after a workout. What is the best BCAA supplement? We offer a range of BCAA supplements, from our classic Instant BCAA to our Complete Intra-Workout, we sell a range of tablets and powders to suit anyone's dosing needs. Though, our most popular BCAA supplement is our limited edition flavours, as part of our Bulk™️ x Millions® collaboration. Style plp-secondary-info RELATED CATEGORIES Essential amino acid supplements Arginine supplements Amino Acids L-carnitine supplements HMB supplements Glutamine supplements Style lozenge-list