atchczdedkeseuiefritnlplptroseuk HMB category sports-nutrition/amino-acids/hmb HMB is an abbreviation of Beta-Hydroxy Beta-Methylbutyrate. It’s an active metabolite of the Branched Chain Amino Acid, Leucine, making it an extremely popular addition to ‘all in one’ formulas, which are typically consumed post-training. An abundance of HMB is believed to directly stimulate protein synthesis. It synergises well with protein, carbohydrates, creatine and glutamine. Our HMB comes in two different forms: HMB capsules and HMB powder. As always, you are assured that you’re getting the best quality HMB for unbeatable value here at Bulk™. HMB FAQS What is HMB? HMB is short for beta-Hydroxy beta-methylbutyric acid - which is quite a mouthful. Lots of letters, lots of uses. A metabolite of essential amino acid Leucine, this HMB supplement can boost your levels and ensure you’re getting a steady supply of this essential component. What are the benefits of taking HMB supplements? HMB is a chemical produced from the breakdown of Leucine, an essential amino acid. Leucine has been shown to promote muscle growth and energy. Because these amino acids, known as Branch-Chained Amino Acids, or BCAAs, aren’t readily available through your diet, supplements are an efficient way of boosting your levels of these. Leucine aids protein synthesis and tissue regeneration, which promotes muscle growth and recovery. When should you take HMB supplements? Our HMB is designed to be taken at a time that suits you. For our powders, we recommend using just before or during your workout. Our tablets can be taken up to three times a day, morning, noon and night. Who should take HMB supplements? HMB supplements can boost your amino acid levels, and they’re suitable for most people who wish to focus on this area. With everything, it’s important you take things in moderation and as part of a wider diet. These supplements are easy to implement into your existing lifestyle and training schedule. What are the different types of HMB? We offer powdered HMB, great for making shakes, mixing into smoothies or using alongside other products to enhance your intake. If you prefer a quick and healthy hit, they come in tablet form too. One thing you can be sure of - our HMB products all contain 100% HMB, meaning you’re getting the purest form of HMB possible. How do HMB supplements work? HMB, or beta-hydroxy beta-methylbutyrate, is a metabolite of Leucine. HMB is produced by the liver enzyme ketoisocaproate. While increased leucine consumption usually results in a small increase in HMB levels, pairing both of these supplements can lead to much higher rates of HMB. Because HMB is the metabolite of Leucine that helps reduce protein breakdown, higher levels can contribute to retaining muscle strength. Is it OK to take HMB supplements every day? Our HMB supplements are designed to be taken daily as part of a healthy and balanced diet. For our powders, we recommend sipping them during your workout - or if you’re keen to get those HMB levels up through the day, our tablets can be taken two to three times a day with food. Style plp-secondary-info RELATED CATEGORIES Essential amino acid supplements Arginine supplements BCAA supplements L-carnitine supplements Amino Acids Glutamine supplements Style lozenge-list