pldechptfrdkeuieitczatesnlroseuk Magnesium Gummies Price Regular Price: £19.99 Final Price: £16.99 Save £3.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Tropical QTY 60 Gummies 120 Gummies Description Magnesium Gummies Refresh your workouts Take your training to the next level with Magnesium Gummies. High-strength and easy-to-eat, they’re a simple way to stay fresh and support the body. Take two per day to make the most of your workouts. Why should I take it? REDUCES FATIGUE helping you power through every session* KEEPS YOU REFRESHED for every session THE PERFECT PROTEIN PARTNER vitamin B6 contributes to protein metabolism* and magnesium contributes to protein synthesis** GET CONVENIENT MAGNESIUM with high-strength gummies When should I take them? Take two at any time throughout the day *Magnesium and Vitamin B6 contribute to a reduction of tiredness and fatigue. **Vitamin B6 contributes to normal protein and glycogen metabolism. ***Magnesium contributes to normal protein synthesis." Directions Directions How do I use it? Simply take one gummy per day and you’re all set. \ Related Products Magnesium combines well with many other supplements; including Taurine, Potassium (found in our Electrolyte Powder), Zinc, B Vitamins and Co Enzyme Q10. Looking for an alternative to gummies? Try our Magnesium Bisglycinate Tablets 500mg. For multivitamins instead of minerals, check out our full range of multivitamins. Ingredients Ingredients Tropical FlavourSucrose, Magnesium Citrate, Glucose Syrup, Acidity Regulators (Citric Acid, Sodium Citrate), Gelling Agent (Pectins), Natural Flavouring, Colour (Curcumin), Vitamin B6 (Pyridoxine Hydrochloride). \ Suitable For Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain milk, soya, cereals containing gluten, fish and crustaceans. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children.Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use.The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (1) Reference Intake of an average adult (%) Magnesium 150 mg 40 Vitamin B6 0.7 mg 50 typeId recently-viewed count 6