deieplesitdkcznlroeuchsefratptuk Ginkgo Biloba Tablets 6000mg Price Regular Price: £11.99 Final Price: £2.99 Save £9.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required QTY 180 Tablets 60 Tablets Description Ginkgo Biloba Tablets 6000mg Super-concentrated Ginkgo biloba packed into a convenient tablet form, providing 120mg of 50:1 Ginkgo biloba extract, equivalent to 6000mg of whole leaves. Ginkgo biloba, also known as the maidenhair tree, is an ancient tree native to China, estimated to have existed for over 270 million years. The leaves of the Ginkgo biloba tree have been used in traditional Chinese medicine for centuries, and have become a focus of research in recent years for their active compounds, flavone glycosides and terpene lactones. Our Ginkgo Biloba Tablets provide 120mg of super-concentrated 50:1 Ginkgo biloba per tablet, equivalent to 6000mg of whole leaves. \ Purpose Our Ginkgo Biloba Tablets are a great option for anyone looking for high quality Ginkgo biloba supplements with an impressive dosage size. \ Benefits Optimal Doses Potent 120mg of concentrated extract per tablet Incredible Price Premium, super-concentrated extract at a low price. Directions Directions Take 1 tablet per day, ideally with food. \ Related Products We suggest combining Ginkgo Biloba Tablets 6000mg with supplements such as Joint Restore and Tyrosine. Ingredients Ingredients Bulking Agents (Microcrystalline Cellulose, Calcium Carbonate), Ginkgo Biloba Extract 50:1, Glazing Agents (Hydroxypropyl Methyl Cellulose, Glycerol), Anti-Caking Agents (Silicon Dioxide, Magnesium Stearate). \ Suitable For Vegan,Vegetarian,Halal \ Allergen advice May contain soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (1 Tablet) Ginkgo Biloba Extract 50:1 120 mg (6000 mg Herb Equivalent) typeId recently-viewed count 6