deatdkpliechptczeuesfrseuknlitroeu All In One Recovery Price Regular Price: £33.99 Final Price: £24.99 Save £9.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Chocolate Chocolate Cookies Strawberry Size 500g 1kg 2.5kg 5kg Description All In One Recovery A comprehensive blend of premium ingredients to create the perfect post-workout drink, loaded with 35g of protein in a single serving, as well as high quality carbs, leucine, creatine monohydrate and glutamine peptides. Our All In One Recovery formula is exactly what it sounds like. A high quality, all-round blend of whey protein, maltodextrin carbohydrates, leucine and glutamine peptides amino acids, and creatine monohydrate, all in one single, convenient, delicious formula – everything your body needs in that crucial post-workout period. All In One Recovery is packed with all the essential protein you need in a single delicious shake. We used a premium blend of carefully sourced ingredients in research proven amounts to support recovery* and help increase and maintain muscle mass**. Each serving contains an impressive 35g of protein, as well as 20g carbohydrate, 7.5g glutamine peptides, 5g leucine and 5g creatine monohydrate. *Carbohydrates contribute to the recovery of normal muscle function after highly intensive and/or long-lasting physical exercise leading to muscle fatigue and the depletion of glycogen stores in skeletal muscle. The beneficial effect is obtained with the consumption of carbohydrates, from all sources, at a total intake of 4g per kg body weight, at doses, within the first 4 hours and no later than 6 hours, following highly intensive and/or long-lasting physical exercise leading to muscle fatigue and the depletion of glycogen stores in skeletal muscle. **Protein contributes to growth and maintenance of muscle mass. \ Purpose Our All In One Recovery is the ideal supplement for anyone wanting to increase their muscle mass with a high-quality, great tasting post-workout drink as part of their training programme. We also have a Vegan All in One™; formula for meat-free trainers. \ Benefits High Protein Each serving contains 35g of protein from a blend of high quality sources. Full of flavour Available in 3 delicious flavours including Chocolate and Strawberry Muscle Maintenance Ideal for maintaining muscle mass and promoting growth Comprehensive Formula Contains everything you need post-workout. Directions Directions Mix 2 scoops (approximately 60g) in 350ml water. Use 1-2 servings per day, one of which should be post-training. \ Related Products Looking for more? Check out our range of all in one protein and weight gainer shakes. To combine a post-workout supplement with a hydration drink, try our Electrolyte Powder. Or prefer our Complete Hydration Drink for hydration and energy? Need a pre-workout boost to kickstart your session? Check out our Dope Pre-Workout. If you are looking for another pre-workout, browse through our full range. Or check out our full range of protein bars if you are looking for a protein snack. If you are searching for a delicious and nutritious addition to your protein shake, check out our full peanut butter range. Ingredients Ingredients Whey Protein Concentrate (Milk), Maltodextrin, Glutamine Peptides (Wheat), Creatine Monohydrate, L-Leucine, Flavouring, Thickener (Xanthan Gum), Instantising Agent (Soya Lecithin), Colour (Beetroot Red), Acid (Citric Acid), Sweetener (Sucralose). \ Suitable For Halal,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice For allergens, including cereals containing gluten, see ingredients in bold. May contain eggs, other cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a dry cool place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g per serving (60g) Energy kJ/kcal 1705/402 1020/241 Fat of which saturates 3.8g 2.5g 2.3g 1.5g Carbohydrate of which sugars 34g 4.3g 20g 2.6g Fibre 0g 0g Protein 58g 35g Salt 0.5g 0.3g \ Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (60g) Creatine Monohydrate 5g Glutamine Peptides 7.5g Leucine 5g typeId recently-viewed count 6