plczesatdeieeudkfritptnlseukchro Coconut Peanut Butter Price Regular Price: £9.99 Final Price: £7.49 Save £2.50 Clearance Sale: Now or never Size 500g Description Coconut Peanut Butter High quality, artisan coconut peanut butter, manufactured exclusively for Bulk™. Source of protein, full of flavour and perfect for bulking up. Our Coconut Peanut Butter is made with 3 simple ingredients: peanuts, coconuts, and honey. A rich, natural butter, each tub has been freshly made to deliver a supreme quality butter with a smooth buttery texture, with no added salt or palm oil, it’s also a great source of fibre to add extra fibre to your diet. \ Purpose Our Coconut Peanut Butter is ideal if you’re looking to bulk up quickly and effectively thanks to its protein and fat content. And with 7g of fibre per 100g, it’s also a great ingredient for anyone looking to upgrade their lifestyle with some healthy nutritional alternatives. \ Benefits Source of protein With 22g of protein per 100g, our peanut butter is an easy way to add extra protein into your diet. Built for Bulking Load up on calories with minimal hassle: 574kcal per 100g. All-Rounder Mix it in with your shakes or add it to a sandwich to add nutritional value. Made for Mixing A great ingredient for blending into your favourite shakes and recipes, especially if you’re on a mass gain programme. Directions Directions Great in smoothies, shakes and porridge or eaten straight o the spoon. Note: This nut butter might separate over time which is completely natural. If this happens just give it a stir. WARNING: May contain pieces of nutshell. \ Related Products Coconut Peanut Butter makes a great addition to Protein Porridge or in your favourite Pure Whey Protein™. Alternatively, spread it onto oat or rice cakes for a healthy, tasty protein snack. Looking for more nutty products? Check out our peanut butter, powdered peanut butter, and other variations such as our 4 seed peanut butter and flavoured peanut butter. Ingredients Ingredients Roasted Whole Peanuts, Coconut, Honey. \ Suitable For Vegetarian \ Allergen advice For allergens, please see ingredients in bold. May contain other nuts. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. After opening consume within 3 months. \ Advisory Information Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g Energy kJ/kcal 2380/574 Fat of which saturates 45g 5.5g Carbohydrate of which sugars 16g 8.1g Fibre 7.4g Protein 22g Salt 0g typeId recently-viewed count 6