plesczeuptdkukfrienlatrodechitse Micellar Casein Price Regular Price: £19.99 Final Price: £16.99 Save £3.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Chocolate Strawberry Unflavoured Vanilla Size 500g 1kg 2.5kg Description Micellar Casein Easy-mixing micellar casein powder, from a premium source with an impressive amino acid profile. This powder packs an incredible at least 77% protein content, available in 3 delicious flavours or unflavoured for combining with your favourite formula. Our Micellar Casein is a high quality, premium casein made from ultra-filtered skimmed milk. It’s ideal if you’re training on a meat-free diet, whether you’re a beginner or a regular, or if you’re just looking for some alternative protein sources to supplement your regular diet. Micellar casein is a slow-releasing protein source, perfect for mixing with other protein supplements like whey protein and pea protein. It’s especially popular as a before bed supplement, or for use during the day when you might not eat for a while. \ Purpose Our Micellar Casein is suitable for anyone looking to increase their dietary protein intake, including vegetarian trainers. It’s especially good if you’re looking for a slow digesting pre-bed shake to give you a steady supply of protein overnight. \ Benefits High Protein Each serving contains at least 23g of protein and an 77% protein content.. Full of Flavour Available in 3 delicious flavours, or unflavoured for protein purists. Smooth Texture Made from a premium micellar casein to ensure a clean flavour profile and great texture. Muscle maintenance High in protein which contributes to the growth and maintenance of muscle mass. Morning, Noon or Night Great any time of day, and perfect as a pre-bed shake. Calorie Control Low in sugar, so you can add in the protein without the extras. Directions Directions Just mix 1.5 scoops (approximately 30g) with 250ml of cold water in a shaker bottle and shake well. Have 1-3 servings per day, drinking 1 before you go to bed. Ingredients Ingredients Micellar Casein (Milk), Flavouring, Sweetener (Sucralose). \ Suitable For Halal,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice For allergens, see ingredients in bold. May contain eggs, soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a dry cool place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g per serving (30g) Energy kJ/kcal 1449/341 428/101 Fat of which saturates 0.9 g 0.5 g 0.3 g 0.2 g Carbohydrate of which sugars 4.8 g 2.3g 1.4 g 0.7g Fibre 1.0 g 0.3 g Protein 78 g 23 g Salt 0.14 g 0.04 g typeId recently-viewed count 6