atchczdedkeseuiefritnlplptroseuk Taurine Price Regular Price: £4.99 Final Price: £1.24 Save £3.75 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Size 100g 500g 1kg Description Taurine 100% pure taurine in a convenient powder form, providing the popular energy drink ingredient in a convenient form for mixing into your pre-workout and thermogenic blends. Taurine is a well known ingredient used by many high street energy drink brands. Our taurine powder offers unbeatable value for money, and is a great addition to pre-workout shakes or smoothies for a little extra boost. Taurine is a naturally occurring amino acid commonly found in skeletal muscle, and as well as being found in foods such as fish, meat, and dairy. It’s typically taken in combination with caffeine, BCAAs, and thermogenic ingredients such as black pepper extract. \ Purpose Our taurine powder is perfect for anyone looking for a nutritional pre-workout boost to their smoothies and shakes. It’s an especially good ingredient in DIY pre-workout blends, if you’re an experienced trainer who likes to create their own formulas. It’s also suitable for vegans and vegetarians. \ Benefits Incredible Value 100% pure taurine powder at an incredible low price. Do It Yourself An ideal ingredient for experienced trainers who create their own personal formulas. Perfect Pre-Workout The ideal supplement for pre-workout, giving you the boost you need to seriously train. Made for Mixing Can be combined with other ingredients for the perfect nutritious shake. Directions Directions Mix 1.5 scoops (approximately 1g) in 50ml water or with a pre-workout drink, ideally on an empty stomach. Take 1-3 servings daily. \ Related Products Zinc is commonly combined with Taurine. Taurine also stacks well with other pre-workout nutrients such as Glycine. Ingredients Ingredients Taurine. \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain milk, eggs, soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (1 g) Taurine Powder 1g typeId recently-viewed count 6