plcheudenlitfrdkesatptseczroieuk Empty Capsules category accessories-clothing/empty-capsules Bulk™ range of Empty Capsules is one of the most comprehensive available.Unlike most other companies, we have both gelatin capsules and vegetarian capsules in stock. Our range of Empty Caps are available in a variety of sizes and are suitable for capping up to 1600mg of powder per empty capsule, depending on the density of the powder involved. Use them and save money by making your own supplements. Empty Capsules FAQS How big are empty capsules? Our empty capsules come in 3 sizes — Size 1, Size 0, and Size 00. You could also think of them as Small, Medium and Large. Each size is designed to hold a different volume of powder, from 300-600mg (Size 1), to 550-1100mg (Size 00). The smaller size is generally appropriate for most uses. If you’re using them to make your own DIY nutritional blends, you might want a larger size. What are empty capsules used for? Empty capsules are generally used by athletes who want to make their own DIY workout blends, combining measurements of various nutrients into a single powder, and then measuring out into capsules. You can also use them to pack any nutritional powders you don’t like the taste of, like Branched Chain Amino Acids. What are they made of? The most common material used to make empty capsules is gelatine, which is derived from animal collagen. This means that standard gelatine capsules are inappropriate for vegan or vegetarian athletes. Fortunately, you can also get Vegetarian Capsules, made from Hydroxypropyl Methyl Cellulose (HPMC), which is appropriate for both vegans and vegetarians. How to fill empty pill capsules? There are a number of different ways to fill empty pill capsules. Some people develop their own technique after a while. If you’re new to making capsules, you probably want to grab one our Capping Kits – a simple device which makes the entire process much easier, allowing you fill up to 50 capsules at a time in just 10 minutes. How can you make capsules at home? The simplest way to make capsules at home is to measure out your chosen powder, whether individual or blended, and work out how large you want your dose to be. Choose an appropriate capsule size, and then use one of our Capping Kits to prepare multiple pills at once in a clean environment. What is a vegetarian capsule? Vegetarian Capsules are virtually exactly the same as their original counterparts, but instead of using animal gelatine, they’re made from Hydroxypropyl Methyl Cellulose (HPMC), a widely-used polymer that can be found in a variety of household products and is completely food-safe. Functionally, vegetarian capsules are no different than gelatine ones – they’re just free from any animal products. Is a capsule better than a tablet? It really depends on what you want to do and what your health goals are. Obviously tablets are a little harder to make at home than capsules, so capsules are better if you want to make DIY supplements. Aside from that, there’s really very little difference. If you can get the nutrients you want in a pre-prepared tablet from Bulk™, then give them a try. If you want to save a little money or create your own blend, then capsules are the way to go. What is the average capsule size? Capsules are sold in 3 different sizes, and each is intended for a particular use or purpose. It’s difficult to say what the ‘average’ is, but the capsules we sell at Bulk™ are all generic, standard sizes. For example, Size 1, our smallest size, is the same size as any capsule you’d expect to find in your average health store. Style plp-secondary-info RELATED CATEGORIES Fitness & gym accessories Protein shaker bottles Gym bags & backpacks Training accessories Empty tubs & containers DNA Testing Kit Style lozenge-list