plczeudkchfrdeatesnlieukroptitse Essential Pre-Workout Price Regular Price: £21.99 Final Price: £14.49 Save £7.50 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Sour Raspberry Size 375g Description Essential Pre-Workout Finding a pre-workout that hits the mark on cost, quality, ingredients and taste can be a challenge. With so many options (we have eight varieties), how do you choose? Depending on your goals, each has its place. This one’s a little easier on the wallet. We’ve expertly created a convenient formula that showcases our core pre-workout ingredients. In a world of rising costs, we can all feel the pinch. But there’s no need to compromise on nutrition. We’ve cut the cost and kept the quality. You’ll find every ingredient you’d expect to support your performance*, including (per serving) 3g beta alanine, 3g AAKG, 3g citrulline malate, 400mg L-tyrosine and 200mg caffeine to boost alertness**. Whether you’re looking to improve performance*, increase focus*** or push your training to the next level, Essential Pre-Workout works hard with you. A well-dosed pre-workout, containing just the essentials, with a low price tag. And as you’d expect, taste is always at the top of our list. \ Purpose If you’re looking for a reliable all-rounder, this perky pre-workout is a winning choice. Our formula has been carefully created to give you a cost-effective alternative to other pre-workouts, with all the ingredients you’d expect. Hit your training goals without hitting your wallet. *Caffeine contributes to an increase in endurance performance. **Caffeine helps to increase alertness. ***Caffeine helps to improve concentration. \ Benefits It’s all about the essentials Each serving is packed with 3g beta alanine, 3g citrulline malate and 3g AAKG. Focus your attention 200mg caffeine and 400mg L-tyrosine per serving. Easy on the wallet A quality pre-workout at an extraordinary price. Directions Directions Mix 3.5 scoops (approximately 12.5g) with 250ml water in a shaker bottle. Consume 30 mins before exercise, ideally on an empty stomach, 1 serving per day. WARNINGS: High caffeine content (80mg/100ml). Not recommended for children, or pregnant or breastfeeding women. Contains silica bag - DO NOT EAT. This product contains Beta Alanine which may produce a tingling, itching or flushing sensation of the skin. This effect is harmless and typically subsides within an hour of use. Read this blogpostto learn more. \ Related Products Fancy some more support? Our Essential Pre-Workout pairs well with our Complete Intra-Workout or Instant BCAAduring exercise. Looking for more creatine options? Check out our full range. Ingredients Ingredients Arginine Alpha Ketoglutarate, Citrulline Malate, Beta Alanine, Flavouring, L-Tyrosine, Anti-Caking Agent (Silicon Dioxide), caffeine, Acid (Citric Acid), Sweetener (Sucralose), Colour (Beetroot Red). \ Suitable For Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain milk, soya, cereals containing gluten, mustard, sesame seeds, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a dry cool place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (12.5 g) Arginine Alpha Ketoglutarate 3g Citrulline Malate 3g Beta Alanine 3g L-Tyrosine 400mg Caffeine 200mg typeId recently-viewed count 6