atchczdedkeseuiefritnlplptroseuk Pure Whey Isolate™ Price Regular Price: £58.99 Final Price: £34.99 Save £24.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Banana Chocolate Chocolate Caramel Chocolate Cookies Chocolate Malted Honeycomb Chocolate Mint Chocolate Peanut Pistachio Ice Cream Salted Caramel Strawberry Unflavoured Vanilla White Chocolate Size 500g 1kg 2.5kg 5kg Description Pure Whey Isolate™ This premium protein powder is a real high-performer. Want to see it in action? Shake up a smoothie with seasonal berries, pimp up your porridge or power-pack your pancakes, bake into brownies or get creative with cookies. Keeping it simple? Just add water or milk. If you’re looking to increase your protein intake as part of a healthy, balanced lifestyle, our Pure Whey Isolate™ won’t let you down. Impressed? There’s more. It’s time to pick a flavour. You can’t go wrong with classic Vanilla, Chocolate and Strawberry flavours or go crazy with Banana Fudge, Chocolate Caramel or Pistachio Ice Cream. Choose from over 15 varieties, including Unflavoured. Now for some numbers. You’ll find at least 24g protein in a 30g serving. It’s low in sugar (less than 0.6g per serving) and low in fat (less than 0.4g per serving) and less than 111 calories per serving. Looking for some inspiration? Try these Easy High-Protein Smoothie Recipes or High-Protein Cheesecake Recipe. You won’t regret it. \ Purpose Pure Whey Isolate™ is a great choice if you’re looking to increase your protein intake, particularly as part of a healthy and balanced lifestyle. It’s designed to offer a pure form of protein to help you control your macros and calorie intake. \ Benefits High protein At least 24g protein packed into every serving. Low sugar and low fat Filtered to contain less than 0.6g sugar and less than 0.4g fat per serving. Full of flavour Choose from 15 delicious flavours, or keep it simple with Unflavoured. Smooth texture Instantised with soya lecithin for a silky smooth shake. Healthy lifestyle A great choice to increase protein intake, particularly as part of a healthy lifestyle. Morning, Noon or Night A protein-packed food supplement that can be enjoyed anytime. So versatile Mix into shakes and smoothies or add to baking. Directions Directions Just add 1 scoop (30g) of Pure Whey Isolate™ to 200ml of water and shake well. We recommend 1-3 servings per day, but in accordance with your own protein requirements. You could enjoy a shake in the morning, mix into a smoothie or stir into porridge. Suitable any time of day to increase your protein intake, particularly as part of a healthy lifestyle. \ Related Products As part of a healthy and balanced lifestyle, why not try a protein-packed smoothie and combine Pure Whey Isolate™ with some of your favourite ingredients. Our Peanut Butter, Chia Seeds and Ultra Fine Oats blend beautifully. Ready to get creative? Take a look at our protein recipes for ideas and inspiration. Need a pre-workout boost to kickstart your session? Check out our Dope Pre-Workout. If you are looking for another pre-workout, browse through our full range. Looking for a classic protein powder? Try our Pure Whey Protein. For an extra boost, add Creatine Monohydrate to your routine. Searching for more isolate products? Check out our Clear Whey Isolate, Natural Pure Whey Isolate™ and Pea Protein Isolate. Ingredients Whey Protein Isolate Pure Whey Isolate™ uses Whey Protein Isolate as its main ingredient. Outside of that, we add as few ingredients as possible; only those which are needed to make the shake look and taste amazing. \ Ingredients Whey Protein Isolate (Milk), Flavouring, Thickener (Xanthan Gum), Emulsifier (Soya Lecithin), Sweetener (Sucralose). \ Suitable For Halal,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice For allergens, see ingredients in bold. May contain cereals containing gluten, mustard, sesame seeds, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a dry cool place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition 24gproteinper serving (30g) < 1gsugarper serving (30g) < 1gfatper serving (30g) Nutrition per 100 g per serving (30g) Energy kJ/kcal 1527/365 458/110 Fat of which saturates 0.6g 0g 0.2g 0g Carbohydrate of which sugars 5.0g 1.4g 1.5g 0.4g Fibre 2g 0.6g Protein 84g 25g Salt 0.5g 0.15g FAQs FAQs What is the difference between whey isolate and whey protein? Pure Whey Isolate is for the serious protein lovers, providing an impressive 24g of protein minimum in a 30g serving - a higher proportion of protein than our whey protein range. Our customers love it because it mixes great as a shake or in other foods such as porridge and cereal, and because it’s a convenient, delicious way to up your protein intake throughout the day. What are the benefits of using Pure Whey Isolate™? This premium protein powder is a great option if you’re looking to increase your protein intake as part of a healthy and balanced lifestyle, with an impressive protein content of 24g per 30g serving. It’s also incredibly versatile and can be added to baking, mixed into smoothies with fresh fruit or simply shaken up with water or milk. Who should take Pure Whey Isolate™? Pure Whey Isolate™ is a great choice if you’re looking to increase your protein intake, particularly as part of a healthy and balanced lifestyle. It’s designed to offer a pure form of protein to help you control your macros and calorie intake. What does it taste like? Available in 13 flavours, there's something for everyone's tastebuds. Our powder makes a cool, refreshing shake that's easy to sip throughout the day, or even around your workout. What protein powder flavours do you offer? We offer a host of delicious flavours, including chocolate protein shakes, vanilla protein shakes, banana protein shakes, strawberry protein shakes, peanut protein shakes, cookie protein shakes, and coconut protein shakes. Are there any dietary restrictions? Pure Whey Isolate is suitable for vegetarians, or if you're following a Halal diet. Vegans, or those following a plant-based diet, would be better suited to our Vegan Protein alternatives. typeId recently-viewed count 6