frchatieczdeptnlitroplesdkeuukse Hyaluronic Acid Tablets Price Regular Price: £22.99 Final Price: £5.74 Save £17.25 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required QTY 180 Tablets 60 Tablets Description Hyaluronic Acid Tablets A potently dosed, ultra-pure source of hyaluronic acid, providing an incredible 150mg in a single dose. Hyaluronic acid is a naturally produced gel-like fluid that fills spaces in your body, acting as a cushioning agent. Its primary role is binding with water to lubricate areas such as your joints and muscles. Our Hyaluronic Acid Tablets provide an impressive 150mg dose of active ingredient in a single tablet serving. That’s a higher dose than most hyaluronic acid products, and at a fraction of the price of competing products. \ Purpose Our Hyaluronic Acid Tablets are ideal for anyone looking to up their intake of hyaluronic acid, offering a higher dose than competing products, and at an incredible price. \ Benefits Optimal Doses Provides a higher dose of hyaluronic acid than most competing products. Incredible Value High purity nutrition at a low price. Directions Directions Take 1 tablet per day, ideally with food. Ingredients Ingredients Bulking Agents (Calcium Carbonate, Microcrystalline Cellulose), Hyaluronic Acid, Anti-Caking Agents (Magnesium Stearate, Silicon Dioxide). \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (1 Tablet) Hyaluronic Acid Powder 150mg typeId recently-viewed count 6