plptdkatitchnlukdeieroessefrczeu Soya Protein Isolate Price Regular Price: £23.99 Final Price: £14.39 Save £9.60 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Chocolate Salted Caramel Unflavoured Vanilla Size 1kg 2.5kg 5kg Description Soya Protein Isolate You might be plant-based. You might be dairy-free. Either way, our Soya Protein Isolate won’t disappoint. And with nothing else added (Unflavoured), you have the freedom to make it your own. Shake up a storm with wild berries and a sprinkle of seeds. Mix into home-baked brownies, muffins or flapjacks. Add some punch to your pancakes or pimp up your porridge. Go solo and just add water or milk. Bring more protein to a healthy, balanced lifestyle the plant-based way. If you fancy some flavour, choose from Vanilla, Chocolate, Salted Caramel or Banana. Pure and simple? Unflavoured all the way. Each serving contains at least 24g protein. You’ll find less than 0.7g sugar, less than 0.5g fat and under 110 calories per serving. And only the best is good enough. We use a premium soya protein isolate derived from soybeans. It’s also expertly formulated with one of the highest PDCAAS (Protein Digestibility Corrected Amino Acid Score) possible, scoring 1.0. Looking for some inspiration? Try these 5 Delicious High-Protein Porridge Recipes or Eggless Pancakes Recipe. \ Purpose If you’re looking for a no-nonsense, dairy-free protein shake, our Soya Protein Isolate is just for you. Designed to offer pure protein, and nothing else (Unflavoured), to help you control your macros and calorie intake. Enjoy this protein boost as part of a healthy and balanced lifestyle. \ Benefits High Protein At least 24g protein packed into every serving. Low sugar and low fat Less than 0.7g sugar and less than 0.5g fat per serving. Vegan friendly Free from dairy and lactose, offering a great alternative to dairy proteins. Healthy lifestyle A great choice to increase protein intake, particularly as part of a healthy lifestyle. Morning, noon or night A protein-packed food supplement that can be enjoyed anytime. So versatile Mix into shakes and smoothies or add to baking. Directions Directions Mix 1 scoop (approximately 30g) with 300-400ml of water. We recommend using 1-3 servings daily depending on your protein intake requirements. You could enjoy a shake in the morning, mix into a smoothie or stir into porridge. Suitable any time of day to increase your protein intake, particularly as part of a healthy lifestyle. \ Related Products As part of a healthy and balanced lifestyle, why not try a protein-packed smoothie and combine Soya Protein Isolate with some of your favourite ingredients. Our Peanut Butter, Chia Seeds and Ultra Fine Oats blend beautifully. If you fancy something different, try mixing with our super-powered Complete Greens™ or Complete Fruits™. Ready to get creative? Take a look at our protein recipes for ideas and inspiration. Looking for more vegan protein powder products? Check out our Vegan Protein Powder, Pea Protein Isolate and Brown Rice Protein. For a different plant-based protein isolate, check out our Pea Protein Isolate. Or for a vegan protein snack on the go, try our Vegan Protein Brownie. Looking for a different plant-based protein isolate? Check out our Pea Protein Isolate. Or, if you're looking for a whey alternative, try our Beef Protein Isolate. Ingredients Ingredients Soya Protein Isolate, Flavouring, Sweetener (Sucralose). \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice For allergens, see ingredients in bold. May contain milk, cereals containing gluten, mustard, sesame seeds, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a dry cool place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g per serving (30g) Energy kJ/kcal 1516/357 455/107 Fat of which saturates 0.8g 0.3g 0.2g 0.1g Carbohydrate of which sugars 2.6g 0.7g 0.8g 0.2g Fibre 2.4g 0.72g Protein 84g 25g Salt 2.75g 0.83g typeId recently-viewed count 6