frchatieczdeptnlitroplesdkeuukse Vegan Omega 3 6 9 (Ahiflower® ) Price Regular Price: £24.99 Final Price: £22.99 Save £2.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required QTY 90 Softgels Description Vegan Omega 3 6 9 (Ahiflower® ) Groundbreaking Vegan Omega 3 6 9 softgels, providing vegan-friendly omega 3, omega 6 and omega 9 fatty acids using Ahiflower® ’s 100% plant-based source. Omega 3, 6 and 9 fatty acids are essential fatty acids (EFAs). That means your body can’t produce them, and they can only be obtained through the diet. They’re typically sourced from fish oil, so it can be difficult to get your recommended intake on a vegan diet, so we made these Vegan Omega 3 6 9 softgels, which use a 100% plant-based source of omega fatty acids to provide an animal-free source of essential fatty acids. Ahiflower® produces vegan omega fatty acids sourced from the seeds of the Buglossoides arvensis plant, a plant-based source of omega-rich oil. The result is this 100% vegan essential fatty acid supplement, providing the whole range of Omega 3, 6 and 9 fatty acids: Omega 3:Alpha Linolenic Acid (ALA) The most common form of omega 3 fatty acid, found in seeds and plants. ALA can be converted by the body into eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic Acid (DHA), and contributes to the maintenance of normal blood cholesterol levels*. Stearidonic Acid (SDA) A less common form of omega 3 fatty acid, which can be converted by the body into ALA, EPA and DHA. Omega 6:Linoleic Acid (LA) An omega 6 polyunsaturated fatty acid, typically sourced in the diet from nuts and seeds. Gamma Linolenic Acid (GLA) Another form of omega 6 fatty acid, found in hemp seeds and evening primrose oil. Omega 9Oleic Acid A monounsaturated fatty acid which is common in a regular diet, found in foods including olive oil and avocados. \ Purpose Our Vegan Omega 3 6 9 (Ahiflower®) softgels are ideal for anyone who wants to increase their intake of omega 3 6 9 in a simple, vegan-friendly, high-quality supplement. *ALA contributes to the maintenance of normal blood cholesterol levels. The beneficial effect is obtained with a daily intake of 2g of ALA. \ Benefits Vegan Friendly Appropriate for athletes on a vegan diet, providing vital omega fatty acids. Combined Action Combines omega 3, 6 and 9 to provide the best potential in a single supplement. Optimal Doses Dosed to optimal levels for the best nutrition. Incredible Price Provides all essential omega 3, 6 and 9 fatty acids at a low price. Directions Directions Take 1 softgel, 3 times per day with food. \ Related Products Vegan Omega 3 6 9 – Ahiflower® Oil can be combined with any of our Vegan Series products as well as our Pure Series vitamins and minerals, including our popular vegan multivitamin. Looking for more? Check out our other popular omega 3 supplements, including our vegan omega 3 supplement. Ingredients Ingredients Ahiflower® Oil (Refined Buglossoides Oil, Antioxidants (Extracts of Rosemary, Tocopherol-rich Extract, L-Ascorbyl Palmitate), Sunflower Oil, Emulsifier (Sunflower Lecithin)), Softgel Shell (Modified Food Starch, Humectant (Glycerol), Gelling Agent (Carrageenan)). \ Suitable For Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (3 softgels) Alpha linolenic acid (ALA) 945 mg Stearidonic acid (SDA) 384 mg Linoleic acid (LA) 204 mg Oleic Acid 135 mg Gamma linolenic acid 102 mg typeId recently-viewed count 6