atchczdeeseuiefritnlplptroseukdk Breakfast Smoothie Price Regular Price: £21.99 Final Price: £12.99 Save £9.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Blueberry & Raspberry Strawberry & Banana Size 500g 1kg 2.5kg Description Breakfast Smoothie Our delicious, high protein breakfast smoothie to kickstart your morning, made with real fruit pieces and natural freeze-dried powder, delivering an impressive 24g of protein and 3.5g of fibre per serving. Our Breakfast Smoothie™ is a fruity, high protein drink available in two delicious flavours. Containing high quality whey protein, premium ultra fine oats, DigeZyme®; digestive enzymes and psyllium husk powder, it’s an ideal choice for anyone looking for a fruity protein source to start their day. We used natural fruit powders and freeze-dried fruit pieces to ensIure the fruits in this formula retain their natural goodness, while ultra fine oats add a low GI source of carbohydrates for a slow energy release. We’ve also added a dose of DigeZyme®, a proprietary blend of 5 digestive enzymes that aid digestion and breakdown of protein, carbohydrate, fat and lactose. It’s available in delicious Blueberry & Raspberry or Strawberry & Banana flavours, and can even be combined with ourZero Calorie Syrup™ for an extra burst of flavour. \ Purpose Our Breakfast Smoothie™ is an ideal choice for anyone looking to increase their protein intake at breakfast – a perfect way to start your day. \ Benefits High Protein Each serving contains 24g of protein Full of flavour Available in 2 delicious flavours, and bursting with real fruit pieces. Muscle Maintenance High in Protein, which contributes to the maintenance and growth of muscle mass. Directions Directions Mix 2.5 scoops (approx. 60g) with 400ml of cold water in a Bulk™ Shaker Bottle and shake well. Use at breakfast or any time of day for a healthy calorie boost. Consume 1-2 servings daily. \ Related Products At breakfast time supplement with Complete Multivitamin Complex™, Complete Probiotic™ and Super Strength Fish Oils. Looking for more fruity protein powder flavours? Check out our range of banana protein shakes, strawberry protein shakes, and coconut protein shakes. Looking for more healthy ways to kickstart your day? You may also be interested in exploring our range of fibre supplements, including our psyllium husk powder. To sweeten your smoothie without the calories, try our Zero Calorie Syrup. Enjoying your daily Breakfast Smoothie? Add our Electrolyte Powder to your morning routine. Or prefer our Complete Hydration Drink for hydration and energy? If you are searching for a nutrient-packed superfood to add to your shakes, try our Chia Seeds. Explore our full range of protein powders to support your fitness goals for a protein-packed boost. Or you can check out our full range of protein bars if you are looking for a protein snack. For a delicious and nutritious addition to your protein shake, browse through our full peanut butter range. Ingredients Ingredients Whey Protein Concentrate (Milk), Ultra Fine Oats, Freeze Dried Strawberry Pieces, Flavouring, Freeze Dried Strawberry Powder, Freeze Dried Banana Powder, Psyllium Husk Powder, Thickener (Xanthan Gum), Colour (Beetroot Red), Sweetener (Sucralose), DigeZyme® Enzyme Complex (Amylase, Protease, Cellulase, Lactase, Lipase). \ Suitable For Halal,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice For allergens, including cereals containing gluten, see ingredients in bold. May contain soya, other cereals containing gluten, mustard, sesame seeds, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a dry cool place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g per serving (60g) Energy kJ/kcal 1485/355 891/213 Fat of which saturates 6.2g 0.6g 3.7g 0.4g Carbohydrate of which sugars 33g 9.1g 20g 5.5g Fibre 5.8g 3.5g Protein 39g 24g Salt 0.10g 0.06g typeId recently-viewed count 6