deatdkpliechptczeuesfrseuknlitro Super Strength Krill Oil Softgels Price Regular Price: £24.99 Final Price: £18.99 Save £6.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required QTY 180 Softgels 60 Softgels Description Super Strength Krill Oil Softgels A potent source of omega 3 essential fatty acids, free from contaminants, and at an incredible price. These super strength softgels provide an incredible 318mg of omega 3 fatty acids in daily serving. Omega 3 essential fatty acids are essential because your body can’t produce them on its own – you have to obtain them from your diet or nutritional supplements. These Super Strength Krill Oil Softgels use oil extracted from Antarctic krill. Our krill oil is extracted from Euphausia Superba krill, which live deep in the Antarctic waters of the Southern Ocean. They’re rich in the omega 3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and free from contaminants such as heavy metals or pesticides. That means you get high potency omega 3 fatty acids from a premium source. A 2 softgel serving on our Super Strength Krill Oil Softgels provides your body with 318mg of omega 3 fatty acids, containing 178mg of EPA and 82mg of DHA. \ Purpose Our Super Strength Krill Oil Softgels 590mg are for anyone looking to supplement their regular diet with omega fatty acids. They’re especially good for people whose regular dietary intake limits their access to omega fatty acids. Take regularly as part of a healthy diet and active lifestyle to maintain your nutritional intake. \ Benefits Optimal Dose Dosed at optimal levels. Directions Directions Take 2 softgels per day, ideally with food. \ Related Products Super Strength Krill Oil can be taken alongside products such as Sports Multi AM:PM™ and Complete Greens™. Seeking more options? Check out our krill oil softgels. Ingredients Ingredients Lipid extract from the crustacean Antarctic Krill (Euphausia superba), Softgel (Gelatin, Glycerol, Sorbitol, Water, Ethyl Vanillin). \ Suitable For Halal \ Allergen advice For allergens, see ingredients in bold. May contain soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, molluscs, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (2 Softgels) Phospholipids 660 mg Omega 3 fatty acids 318 mg (EPA 178 mg, DHA 82 mg) Choline 82 mg Astaxanthin 100 μg typeId recently-viewed count 6