atchczdedkeseuiefritnlplptroseuk Creatine Gummies Price Regular Price: £29.99 Final Price: £25.49 Save £4.50 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Peach QTY 60 Gummies 120 Gummies Description Creatine Gummies Convenient power Level up your training with Creatine Gummies. Easy-to-eat and packed with 1000mg creatine per gummy, they’re a simple addition to your daily routine. Take them daily and see what you can really do. Why should I take it? Hit reps harder. Boost your lifting power. Smash your PBs. All with the convenience of a delicious gummy. These gummies are your ultimate workout partner. Why it works BUILD STRENGTH and see what you can really do GET CONVENIENT POWER with gummies twice the strength of industry standard Directions Directions HOW DO I USE IT? Simply take three gummies per day and you’re all set. \ Related Products Creatine can be combined with BCAAs, Whey Protein and L-Glutamine, along with a number of pre- and post-workout shakes. Ingredients Ingredients Peach Flavour Sucrose, Glucose Syrup, Creatine Monohydrate, Humectant (Glycerol), Beef Gelatine, Water, Acids (Malic Acid, Citric Acid, Sodium Malate), Gelling Agent (Agar), Natural Flavouring, Colour (Carmine). \ Allergen advice May contain milk, soya, cereals containing gluten, fish and crustaceans. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (3) Creatine 3 g typeId recently-viewed count 6