chczseatdkeudeitukfresnlieptropl OptiZinc Tablets Price Regular Price: £8.99 Final Price: £5.99 Save £3.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required QTY 270 Tablets 90 Tablets Description OptiZinc Tablets Zinc in its most bioavailable form, providing 6 mg in a convenient tablet, contributing to the maintenance of normal blood testosterone levels, healthy skin and normal protein synthesis. Zinc is an essential mineral commonly found in foods such as beef, peanuts and oysters. Our OptiZinc® tablets provide zinc in its most bioavailable form, ready for your body to absorb. OptiZinc®’s specific form of zinc is bonded with methionine, increasing its bioavailability so your body can absorb it as rapidly as possible. *Zinc contributes to normal testosterone levels in the blood, maintenance of normal hair, maintenance of normal skin and normal function of the immune system. \ Purpose Our OptiZinc® Tablets are ideal for anyone looking to add supplemental zinc to their dietary intake. They’re particularly useful if you’re concerned about maintaining normal testosterone levels or immune system function. \ Benefits Optimised Nutrition Provides essential zinc nutrition in a highly bioavailable form. Incredible Value High purity nutrition at a low price. Directions Directions Take 1 tablet per day, ideally with food. Ingredients Ingredients Bulking Agents (Microcrystalline Cellulose, Dicalcium Phosphate), Zinc Monomethionine (OptiZinc®), Anti-Caking Agent (Magnesium Stearate). \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (1 Tablet) Reference Intake of an average adult (%) Zinc 6 mg 60 typeId recently-viewed count 6