chczptplatdedkfreuieesnlukitsero Lean Muscle category shop-by-goal/lean-muscle-supplements Ok, first things first: ‘lean muscle’ doesn’t really make much sense as there is no such thing as ‘fat muscle!’ However, lean muscle has become an industry recognised term that is now synonymous with a cover model look. To achieve a cover model body, the key consideration is to increase muscle whilst keeping body fat to an absolute minimum. The key nutritional considerations for achieving a lean and muscular look are outlined below. For each consideration we have suggested 1-2 products that should more than help you on your way… Protein: An essential nutrient for muscle growth and repair. Research suggests that around 2g protein per kilogram of bodyweight is required each day, so, if you’re 90kg: 90 x 2 = 180g protein daily. A high quality Whey Protein Isolate will provide you with plenty! Carbohydrates: The majority of carbohydrate intake should come from a complex, slow release carbohydrate to provide a sustained release of energy. Ultra Fine Scottish Oats are the perfect example of a complex carbohydrate due to their low GI (Glycemic Index) nature and ability to prevent muscle from being used as fuel. Alternatively, consider Complete Lean Mass™, which is a combination of high quality protein and carbohydrates. Fats: An emphasis should be placed on ensuring enough good fats are included within your diet, particularly Omega 3, which will help to prevent muscle loss, promote fat loss and maintain healthy joints. Fat Burners: Used in conjunction with a balanced diet and training plan, fat loss supplements such as Complete Thermogenic™ help to speed up the fat loss process, giving the lean cover model look that most people aspire to. Anything else? Beta Alanine and Creatine Monohydrate allow the user to train harder for longer. For anyone looking to attain a lean and muscular physique this is ideal as the rate of fat burning is increased and muscle gains are achieved faster too.