czesrodesechatieplfrpteudknlukit Inositol Price Regular Price: £13.99 Final Price: £10.49 Save £3.50 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Size 100g 500g 1kg Description Inositol 100% pure inositol powder in premium myo-inositol form, providing 500mg of pure Inositol in a single serving. Often referred to as vitamin B8, inositol is a compound commonly found in the heart and brain tissue. It can be obtained through your diet from fruit such as oranges, and can also be synthesised in the kidneys. This 100% pure inositol powder provides 500mg of superior myo-inositol in a 500mg serving. It’s unflavoured, so you can mix it in with your favourite shakes and smoothies, or simply mix with water. \ Purpose Our inositol powder is a straightforward, convenient source of inositol, making it ideal for anyone who wants to up their regular intake of Inositol with minimal hassle. \ Benefits Made for Mixing Available unflavoured so you can mix it in with your favourite shakes. Incredible Value 100% purity at an incredible price. Directions Directions Mix 1 scoop (approximately 500mg) with 200ml water. Take 1-3 servings daily, ideally with food. Ingredients Ingredients Inositol (myo-inositol). \ Suitable For Vegetarian,Halal,Vegan \ Allergen advice May contain milk, eggs, soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (500 mg) Inositol 500mg typeId recently-viewed count 6