deatchczdkeseuiefritnlplptroseuk Diet Udon Noodles Price Regular Price: £4.49 Final Price: £1.12 Save £3.37 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Size 200g 6x200g Description Diet Udon Noodles These aren’t your average noodles. Low calorie, no fat and no sugar. If you’re on an energy-restricted diet, our Diet Udon Noodles are for you. This is sustenance that won’t weigh you down. So how do we make this possible? We’ve used the popular weight-loss ingredient glucomannan, which is a water-soluble fibre sourced from the Amorphophalli konjac plant (easier to digest than pronounce). Glucomannan* has been shown to increase the feeling of fullness and contribute to weight loss* in the context of an energy-restricted diet. It also contributes to the maintenance of normal blood cholesterol levels**. And unlike normal noodles, these contain just 10 calories, zero fat and 2.8g fibre per 100g. With over 4g glucomannan per 200g pack, these could be your stir-fry saviour. Stir into soups, toss into salads, mix in some sauce or simply season as a side. Short of time? They’re ready in just one minute. If you’re looking to lighten the load, this is the perfect switch for carb-based noodles. *Diet Udon Noodles contain glucomannan, which contributes to weight loss in the context of an energy-restricted diet. The beneficial effect is obtained with a daily intake of diet noodles in 3 doses of 44g each, taken with 1-2 glasses of water before meals. **Glucomannan contributes to the maintenance of normal blood cholesterol levels. The beneficial effect is obtained with a daily intake of 4g glucomannan. \ Purpose If you’re looking for a low-calorie addition to your regular meals, our Diet Udon Noodles are just for you. They will help to add volume to meals if you’re following an energy-restricted diet. \ Benefits Low calorie Ideal if you’re looking to cut your calorie intake as part of an energy-restricted diet*. A quick nutritional fix Ready in just one minute. In the green team Vegetarian and vegan friendly. Directions Directions When to use As a fat-free, sugar-free, energy-reduced substitute for normal noodles As a low-calorie addition to your afternoon and evening meals 1. Drain away excess fluid and rinse 2-3 times. 2. Leave in hot water for 1 minute. 3. Drain (pat dry extra moisture with a paper towel). 4. Add to stir-fries, soups and salads. Warning: Consume with adequate fluid intake. There is a risk of choking for people with swallowing difficulties or when ingesting with inadequate fluid intake. \ Related Products If you’re looking for more tasty ways to cut calories in your diet, try some of our other low-calorie foods such as our Zero Calorie Syrup™, Zero Calorie Barista Syrup, Low Calorie Sauce and our LiquiFlav™. Craving a sweet syrup to complement your diet products? Try our Zero Calorie Syrup. Ingredients Ingredients Water, Konjac Flour (3%), Acidity Regulator (Citric Acid). \ Suitable For Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Refrigerate once opened and use within 3 days. Do not freeze. \ Advisory Information Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g Energy kJ/kcal 43/10 Fat of which saturates 0g 0g Carbohydrate of which sugars 1.2g 0g Fibre 2.8g Protein 0g Salt 0.05g typeId recently-viewed count 6