atchczdedkeseuiefritnlplptroseuk Omega 3 Fish Oils Price Regular Price: £9.99 Final Price: £7.99 Save £2.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required QTY 270 Softgels 90 Softgels Description Omega 3 Fish Oils Premium omega 3 fish oil supplements, providing 180mg of EPA and 120mg of DHA per softgel – contributing to normal heart function*. Our Omega 3 Fish Oil Softgels provide you with a healthy hit of essential fatty acids, which can only be obtained from food or supplements. These Omega 3 Fish Oil Softgels provide eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), two essential fatty acids that can’t be produced by the human body. \ Purpose Because omega 3 fatty acids can’t be synthesised by the human body, they have to be consumed via your diet or nutritional supplement. That makes our Omega 3 Fish Oil Softgels ideal for anyone and everyone who wants to ensure they’re getting essential nutrition for normal heart function. \ Benefits Healthy Heart *EPA and DHA contribute to the normal function of the heart. The beneficial effect is obtained with a daily intake of 250 mg of EPA and DHA. Incredible Value High content omega 3 fish oils at a fair price. Directions Directions Take 2 softgels per serving, 2 times per day with food. Ingredients Ingredients Omega 3 Fish Oil, Softgel (Gelatin, Glycerin, Water), Vitamin E (DL-Alpha-Tocopheryl Acetate). \ Suitable For Halal \ Allergen advice For allergens, see ingredients in bold. May contain soya, cereals containing gluten, crustaceans, molluscs, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (4 Softgels) Reference Intake of an average adult (%) Omega 3 Fish Oil 4000mg (providing EPA 720mg, DHA 480mg) Vitamin E 9mg a-TE 75 typeId recently-viewed count 6