esiefrchdkczptdeukitateuseronlpl Glucosamine Sulphate Powder Price Regular Price: £24.99 Final Price: £17.49 Save £7.50 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Size 500g Description Glucosamine Sulphate Powder 100% premium glucosamine sulphate powder, providing high potency glucosamine amino sugar in an easy-to-mix form. Glucosamine is an amino sugar commonly found in the shells of shellfish, and can be found in high levels in the fluid surrounding joints in the body. It’s also a popular supplement in sports nutrition formulas. Our Glucosamine Sulphate comes in a convenient powder that is a great way to mix glucosamine into your daily nutritional intake. Each serving of our Glucosamine Sulphate provides 1000mg of pure glucosamine sulphate – ideal for anyone looking to add glucosamine into their dietary intake. We recommend mixing it into your regular protein or workout formula. \ Purpose Glucosamine sulphate powder is the perfect supplement for anyone who wants a quick and easy way to add glucosamine into their daily nutritional intake. \ Benefits Made for Mixing Mixes easily into your favourite pre- or post-workout shakes. Daily Dose Take daily for constant support. Incredible Value Pure glucosamine sulphate powder at an ultra low price. Directions Directions Mix 1.5 scoops (approximately 1.4 g) with 100 ml water. Take 1 serving daily, ideally with food. \ Related Products Glucosamine Sulphate combines effectively with other supplements such as MSM. Ingredients Ingredients Glucosamine Sulphate Potassium Chloride (2KCl). \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain milk, soya, cereals containing gluten, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (1.4 g) Glucosamine Sulphate Potassium Chloride (2KCl) 1,4 g providing Glucosamine Sulphate 1 g of which Glucosamine 0,8 g typeId recently-viewed count 6