pldkdechczieeuronlfrptitseukates Zinc & Magnesium Capsules Price Regular Price: £22.99 Final Price: £19.49 Save £3.50 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required QTY 180 Capsules 60 Capsules Description Zinc & Magnesium Capsules ZINC & MAGNESIUM: IN ONE EASY DOSE Looking to add more zinc and magnesium to your diet? Our Zinc & Magnesium Capsules are ideal for anyone looking to supplement their regular diet. One dose will provide you with 20mg of zinc and 300mg of magnesium. WHY SHOULD I TAKE IT? Magnesium brings many benefits: Contributes to a reduction of tiredness and fatigue Contributes to normal protein synthesis and energy yielding metabolism (aka generating energy from nutrients) Essential for the maintenance of normal teeth and bones Zinc also comes with its own benefits: It contributes to the maintenance of normal testosterone levels in the blood Supplementing Zinc also contributes to normal cognitive function Directions Directions HOW DO I USE IT? Take 2 capsules once per day. For best results, avoid taking with dairy or other calcium-containing foods or supplements. \ Related Products Only looking for magnesium instead of a combination? Try our Magnesium Tablets 500mg. To add more vitamins alongside your minerals, check out our Collagen & Vitamin C Powder. Or prefer a multivitamin complex instead of a single vitamin? Try our Complete Multivitamin Complex™ Tablets. Looking to support your immune system? Check out our Vitamin D3 Tablets. Looking for more multivitamins instead of minerals? Check out our full range of multivitamins. Need more than your daily zinc and magnesium? Combine it with Complete Greens to support your immune system. Ingredients Ingredients Magnesium Salt of Citric Acid, Capsule Shell (Hydroxypropyl Methyl Cellulose), Zinc Mono-L-Methionine Sulphate, Anti-Caking Agents (Magnesium Stearate, Silicon Dioxide). \ Suitable For Vegan,Vegetarian,Halal \ Allergen advice May contain soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving Reference Intake of an average adult (%) Magnesium 300 mg 80 Zinc 20 mg 200 typeId recently-viewed count 6