atchczdedkeseuiefritnlplptroseuk Creatine Supplements category sports-nutrition/creatine Bulk™ proudly stock the widest range of creatine supplements in Europe – from Creatine Monohydrate to Creatine HCL. This ensures there is always a product to suit your needs, helping you to reach your performance goals and achieve the physique you want with peace of mind. It's the most researched ergogenic supplement available, and the positive effects of creatine in relation to increasing muscle size, strength and improving sporting performance are undisputable. This supplement also provides high intensity energy, giving you optimal performance. Extensive research and studies have shown that creatine supplementation increases lean body mass, strength, power and repeated sprint ability, so it's ideal if you're training for sports, intense lifting and more physical pursuits. Discover our full range, including creatine monohydrate, creatine tablets, creatine HCL, creapure and creatine gummies For an extra boost before your workout, check out our pre-workout range. If a classic protein shake is what you need, find your perfect match. And for those following a plant-based lifestyle, discover our vegan products. Creatine FAQS What is creatine? Creatine is one of the most popular and most-researched supplements in the world. It’s a nitrogenous organic acid produced in the liver that helps supply energy to cells all over the body, muscle cells in particular. Plus, it’s made out of three amino acids: L-arginine, glycine, and L-methionine. Depending on your intake preferences, creatine supplements are available in powder just like your favourite whey protein. Creatine tablets are also a great option if you’re fully on the go and don’t want to be mixing formulas in a shaker. When should you take creatine supplements? Creatine can be used whenever suits you. Simply consume as per label instructions. Popular times include pre or post workout. How much creatine can you take per day? It is recommended to take 3 - 5g of a creatine supplement per day or as advised by Health care professional. The recommended limits may vary in different EU countries based on demographics. What are the benefits of creatine supplementation? Creatine improves performance in successive bursts of short term, high intensity exercise. How to use creatine? Above all formulas, creatine monohydrate in particular is super easy to mix with other protein or carbohydrate drinks but also standard drinks. Is apple juice your favourite? Well, you can add creatine to it - no problem. How long does it take creatine to work? To feel the maximum effects of creatine use, it must store in your muscles to the point of saturation. This process can take up to 4 weeks, depending on whether a loading phase is implemented or not. However, you may feel acute physical performance benefits when training in short bursts of high-intensity exercise. Who can use creatine? Athletically, it can be used by anyone involved in intense physical effort - think bodybuilders and powerlifters but also endurance and team sports athletes. In terms of dietary requirements, creatine truly is for anyone. Omnivores, pescatarians, vegetarians and vegans; you’re all welcome! How does creatine work? Creatine is a naturally occurring substance found in muscle cells. It helps our muscles produce energy during heavy lifting or intense, short bursts of exercise. When you supplement with creatine, you are essentially increasing your stores of phosphocreatine (stored energy in muscle cells), thus helping your body produce more ATP (adenosine triphosphate, a high energy molecule referred to as our body's energy currency). In short, more ATP equals more energy and better physical performance. Does creatine make you gain weight? Firstly, it's important to understand that weight gain and fat gain are two different things. In this case, taking creatine does not lead to fat gain, though it can lead to an increase in weight. Creatine draws water into muscle cells, which gives a fuller and more bloated appearance, and often a slight increase on the scales. Water retention caused by creatine is not permanent and can be alleviated by drinking plenty of water throughout supplementation. What is the best creatine supplement? We offer a wide range of creatine supplements, including Creatine Monohydrate Powder, Creapure Creatine Monohydrate, Creatine Monohydrate Tablets, and Creatine HCL. Many of our other products also contain creatine, such as our mass gainers, recovery supplements, and pre-workout formulas, all of which contribute to improved athletic performance and enhanced recovery. Style plp-secondary-info RELATED CATEGORIES Sports nutrition All in one powders Creatine Hydration shakes Informed sport protein shakes Intra workout shakes joint supplements libido enhancers Style lozenge-list