atieeuptpldeczchdkitnlukesrosefr Informed Sport category sports-nutrition/informed-sport Informed Sport is a quality assurance programme for sports nutrition products, suppliers to the sports nutrition industry, and supplement manufacturing facilities. The programme certifies that all nutritional supplements and/or ingredients that bear the Informed Sport logo have been tested for banned substances by the world class sports anti-doping lab, LGC Sport Science. Using over 55 years of expertise in anti-doping in sports, the Informed Sport programme ensures that elite athletes and suppliers can have complete confidence in their supplements. Discover our range of Informed Sport protein powders, shakes supplements. Informed Sport FAQS What are informed sports supplements? Informed-Sport is a quality assurance programme for sports nutrition products, suppliers to the sports nutrition industry, and supplement manufacturing facilities. The programme certifies that all nutritional supplements and/or ingredients that bear the Informed-Sport logo have been tested for banned substances by the world class sports anti-doping lab, LGC Sport Science. Informed sports supplements are any kind of supplement that are certified by this programme. What supplements are allowed in sports? Most supplements are allowed in competitive sports, but the World Anti-Doping Code Prohibited List sets out what isn’t allowed. Athletic drug testing is in place to make sure all athletes are adhering to this practice. That’s where Informed-Sport comes in. With these products, you don’t have to worry - all the ingredients are full of nutritional benefits, are allowed in sports, and have been batch tested to ensure their compliance with these laws. What is the difference between informed choice and informed sport? The key difference between Informed Choice and Informed Sport is the frequency of testing. Informed Sport certification means every batch of a product is tested before it’s released. This means every flavour or variation of a product is tested. Post-certification also includes further assurance through regular blind testing, where the products are purchased from retail and tested again. Athletes can visit informed-sport.com and confirm a batch of a certified product has been tested. What makes informed sports protein powder different from other protein powders? Informed Choice testing is done through monthly blind sampling. This means the LGC laboratory team purchases the product and it is then tested. At least one batch of the product is tested every month - so less frequently than Informed Sport. What are the different types of informed sports supplements? Informed sports powders are created with athletes in mind. From the premium range of ingredients used, to the ultra-high testing standards through Informed Sport, athletes can be sure that they’re using the best protein powders on the market, with the highest quality of nutritional value. It also provides users an iron-clad guarantee that everything contained within the powder falls within sporting guidelines, so when you’re exercising, you don’t have to worry. Style plp-secondary-info RELATED CATEGORIES Sports nutrition All in one powders Creatine supplements Hydration shakes Intra workout shakes joint supplements libido enhancers Style lozenge-list