plczdechdkiteufrukesseptroatnlie Protein Porridge Mix Price Regular Price: £19.99 Final Price: £12.99 Save £7.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Apple & Cinnamon Golden Syrup Unflavoured Size 1kg 2.5kg Description Protein Porridge Mix This isn’t your average porridge. This one is powered with protein to get you ahead of your goals. Our Protein Porridge Mix is also fibre rich with minimal sugar. Now that’s how to kickstart your day. Every nutritious bowl packs in at least 21g protein* (to support the growth and maintenance of muscle**) and 20g fibre. This multi-protein blend combines whey and milk protein to give you the benefits of both fast and slow-release proteins. Whey protein contains more leucine and digests in around 30 minutes. Milk protein contains more isoleucine and lysine and digests at a slower rate than whey protein. Milk protein also contains casein which is responsible for the slower rate of digestion. Choose from Golden Syrup, Strawberry and Apple & Cinnamon, or keep it simple with Unflavoured. Wake up and make those gains. \ Purpose If you want to get ahead of your nutrition goals, our Protein Porridge Mix hits the mark on every level. High in protein, high in fibre and low in sugar, this is a deliciously satisfying start to the day. \ Benefits Get those gains Ideal for maintaining muscle mass and promoting growth.** High protein At least 21g protein per serving.* Low sugar 2.1g sugar per serving. High fibre Directions Directions Mix 2 scoops (approximately 75g) with 250ml of water and shake well in a shaker. Pour contents into a bowl and heat in a microwave for approximately 2 minutes, stirring halfway through. Time will vary slightly depending on the power of your microwave. Ingredients Ingredients Apple & Cinnamon: Oat bran, Porridge Oats, Whey Protein Concentrate (Milk), Milk Protein Concentrate, Inulin (Fructo-Oligosaccharide), Flavouring, Sweeteners (Steviol Glycosides from Stevia, Sucralose). \ Suitable For Halal,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice For allergens, including cereals containing gluten, see ingredients in bold. May contain eggs, soya, other cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. \ Advisory Information Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g per serving (75g) Energy kJ/kcal 1360/325 1026/245 Fat of which saturates 5.4g 1.3g 4.1g 1.0g Carbohydrate of which sugars 27g 2.8g 20g 2.1g Fibre 27g 20g Protein 29g 22g Salt 0.11g 0.08g typeId recently-viewed count 6