czderoatchdkpliefreseuukitptsenl Recovery Shake Price Regular Price: £21.99 Final Price: £8.99 Save £13.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Mixed Berry Orange Size 500g 1kg 2.5kg 5kg Description Recovery Shake A comprehensive formula designed to help you recover faster from intense training and exercise, providing a heavy hit of whey protein, carbohydrates, amino acids, HMB, electrolytes and vitamins in a single serving. We designed our Recovery Shake™ to live up to its name. Specifically designed as a post-workout supplement, it contains everything your body needs to repair and recover after an intensive workout session, meaning you can train harder, more often, and move forward faster. Each 100g serving of Recovery Shake™ contains a potent blend of whey protein, fast absorbing carbohydrates, leucine, L-glutamine, electrolytes, HMB, as well as vitamins C and B6 to provide a comprehensive workout recovery formula that contributes to growth of muscle mass, normal immune system function, energy yielding metabolism, cell protection from oxidative stress, and reduced tiredness and fatigue.*Carbohydrates contribute to the recovery of normal muscle function after highly intensive and/or long-lasting physical exercise leading to muscle fatigue and the depletion of glycogen stores in skeletal muscle. The beneficial effect is obtained with the consumption of carbohydrates, from all sources, at a total intake of 4 g per kg body weight, at doses, within the first 4 hours and no later than 6 hours, following highly intensive and/or long-lasting physical exercise leading to muscle fatigue and the depletion of glycogen stores in skeletal muscle. \ Purpose Our Recovery Shake™ formula is an ideal all-rounder, suitable for trainers and athletes of any level. Simply mix up a serving after your workout for a rapid dose of essential nutrition. \ Benefits Ready for Recovery An ideal post-workout formula, containing all the nutrients you need to recover. Combined Action By blending unique ingredients with different purposes, you get the best potential in a single supplement. Optimal Doses Dosed to optimal levels for the best nutrition. Directions Directions Mix 3 scoops (100g) with 500ml water in a shaker bottle and consume immediately post-workout, 1 serving per day. \ Related Products Consuming Complete Intra Workout™, Instant BCAA or Hydration Drink during training, followed by Recovery Shake, is an ideal supplement combination. Need a pre-workout boost to kickstart your session? Check out our Dope Pre-Workout. If you are looking for another pre-workout, browse through our full range. Craving a protein snack on the go? Give our Macro Munch Bar a try! Combine it with our Essential Amino Acids to expand your nutritional intake. Ingredients Ingredients Maltodextrin, Whey Protein Concentrate (Milk), Waxy Maize Starch, L-Leucine, L-Glutamine, Beta-Hydroxy Beta Methylbutyrate (HMB), Flavouring, Electrolyte Blend (Sodium Chloride, Potassium Sulphate, Calcium Di Phosphate, Magnesium Oxide), Colour (Beta Carotene), Vitamin C (Ascorbic Acid), Sunflower Lecithin, Acid (Citric Acid), Sweetener (Sucralose), Vitamin B6 (Pyridoxine HCL). \ Suitable For Halal,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice For allergens, see ingredients in bold. May contain eggs, soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage "Store in a dry cool place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g per serving (100g) Energy kJ/kcal 1584/373 1584/373 Fat of which saturates 1.3g 0.4g 1.3g 0.4g Carbohydrate of which sugars 59g 13g 59g 13g Fibre 0.7g 0.7g Protein 31g 31g Salt 0.98g 0.98g \ Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (100g) Reference Intake of an average adult (%) Glutamine 3 g Leucine 3 g HMB 1.5 g Electrolyte Powder 1 g Vitamin C 500 mg 625 Vitamin B6 5 mg 357 typeId recently-viewed count 6