atienldkeseusechukptitdeczrofrpl Super Strength Maca 5000mg Price Regular Price: £12.99 Final Price: £11.99 Save £1.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required QTY 90 Capsules Description Super Strength Maca 5000mg Our premium maca extract capsules, providing a potent 5000mg dose of maca in a single capsule – 10 times the strength of our regular supplements. Also known as Peruvian ginseng, maca is a popular nutritional supplement extracted from Lepidium meyenii walp root. Our Super Strength Maca Tablets contain yellow maca, helping to maintain optimal stamina and vitality and contribute to physical and mental performance. Offering 10 times the dosage of our regular Maca Tablets, our Super Strength Maca Capsules use an impressive 10:1 maca extract to deliver an incredible 5000mg of maca per capsule. \ Purpose Our Super Strength Maca Tablets are an ideal option for anyone who wants to support their regular nutritional intake with a potent maca supplement. *Lepidium meyenii helps maintain optimal stamina and feelings of vitality. **Lepidium meyenii supports physical and mental performance. \ Benefits Fully Functional Helps to maintain optimal stamina and vitality*, and supports mental and physical performance**. Pure Potency Contains potently extracted maca at high strength than regular capsules Incredible Value Super strength maca at an ultra low price. Directions Directions Take 1 capsule per day, with food. \ Related Products Super Strength Maca Capsules 5000mg combine well with OptiZinc®, Ginkgo Biloba and Complete Greens, as well as many other products. Looking for more maca products? Check out our black maca, maca tablets, and maca powder. Ingredients Ingredients Maca Root Extract 10:1, Capsule Shell (Hydroxypropyl Methyl Cellulose), Bulking Agent (Microcrystalline Cellulose), Anti-Caking Agents (Magnesium Stearate, Silicon Dioxide). \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (1 Capsule) Maca Root Extract 500 mg (5000 mg root equivalent) typeId recently-viewed count 6