deieplesitdkcznlroeuchsefratptuk Calcium + Vitamin D3 + Vitamin K1 Capsules 1000mg Price Regular Price: £9.99 Final Price: £7.99 Save £2.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required QTY 270 Capsules 90 Capsules Description Calcium + Vitamin D3 + Vitamin K1 Capsules 1000mg 3 of the most popular bone health nutrients combined into a single capsule, at effective doses, in their most effective forms. Each capsule provides 200mg of calcium, 1000iu of vitamin D3 and 50mcg of vitamin K1. Optimal bone health is essential to anyone who trains regularly, particularly those who put their bodies under serious strain such as weightlifters, powerlifters and endurance athletes. These tablets provide 3 of the most important nutrients for promoting bone health to support your body throughout your training programme. Each ingredient in our Calcium + Vitamin D3 + Vitamin K1 Capsules is dosed at effective levels, using their most effective forms. For example, the calcium comes in the form of calcium citrate, a highly bioavailable form that’s ready for your body to absorb. Their combined effects contribute to normal muscle function, normal bones and teeth and normal blood clotting. *Contains Calcium which is needed for the maintenance of normal bones. \ Purpose Our Calcium + Vitamin D3 + Vitamin K1 Capsules primarily promote bone health, making them ideal for anyone particularly focused on their bones and teeth. \ Benefits Optimal Doses Dosed to optimal levels to provide the nutrition you need. Combined Action By blending unique ingredients with different purposes, you get the best potential in a single supplement. Directions Directions Take 1 capsule per day, preferably with food. \ Related Products Calcium + Vitamin D3 + Vitamin K1 Capsules combine well with other products such as Complete Joint Restore™. Looking for more ways to add vitamins to your routine? Check out our Collagen & Vitamin C Powder. Or prefer a multivitamin complex? Try our Complete Multivitamin Complex™ Tablets. To support your immune system, have a look at our Vitamin D3 Tablets. For another essential mineral, check out our Magnesium Bisglycinate Tablets 500mg. Ingredients Ingredients Calcium Citrate, Capsule Shell (Gelatin), Vitamin D3 (Cholecalciferol), Anti-Caking Agents (Magnesium Stearate, Silicon Dioxide), Vitamin K1 (Phylloquinone). \ Suitable For Halal \ Allergen advice May contain soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (1 Capsule) Reference Intake of an average adult (%) Calcium 200 mg 25 Vitamin K 50 µg 66 Vitamin D 25 µg 500 typeId recently-viewed count 6