plptdkatitchnlukdeieroessefrczeu Electrolyte Powder Price Regular Price: £27.99 Final Price: £16.99 Save £11.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Unflavoured Apple & Blackcurrant Orange & Mango Size 100g 500g 1kg Description Electrolyte Powder GET BACK WHAT YOU SWEAT OUT Our Electrolyte Powder is a comprehensive blend of minerals your body sweats out during intense training. Every scoop is dosed with three key electrolytes — sodium, potassium and calcium — that are essential for a number of your body’s functions. WHY SHOULD I TAKE IT? Everytime you train hard, you’re sweating out minerals your body needs. Our Electrolyte Powder has a multi-mineral blend that’s ideal for endurance training or intense workouts all in one refreshing drink. WHY IT WORKS Available at a moment’s notice, just scoop, shake and you're ready to go. It’s easy to incorporate into your normal routine, with delicious flavours to enjoy or you can throw it into your usual shake with our unflavoured version too. Directions Directions HOW DO I USE IT? Unflavoured Mix 2 scoops (approximately 2 g) with 600ml - 1000ml water and shake well. Use 1-2 servings per day. Flavoured Mix 1 heaped scoop (approximately 6 g) with 600ml - 1000ml water and shake well. Use 1-2 servings per day. \ Related Products If you’re using it during training, Electrolyte Powder is best consumed with a fast-release carbohydrate. We recommend Vitargo, Dextrose and Maltodextrin combined in a 1:1 ratio. BCAAs (branched-chain amino acids) are also a popular combination with intra-workout drinks. For optimal hydration, check out our Hydration Drink. Ingredients Ingredients Sodium Chloride, Potassium Sulphate, Dicalcium Phosphate, Magnesium Oxide. \ Suitable For Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain milk, soya, cereals containing gluten, mustard, sesame seeds, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a dry cool place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (2 servings) Reference Intake of an average adult (%) Sodium 1034 mg Potassium 306 mg 15.4 Calcium 184 mg 23 typeId recently-viewed count 6