plczderochdknlfrseptesateuitukie Super Strength Omega 3 Price Regular Price: £16.99 Final Price: £11.99 Save £5.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required QTY 270 Softgels 90 Softgels Description Super Strength Omega 3 High purity omega 3 softgel capsules, packed with a powerful 330mg of EPA and 220mg of DHA per dose, promoting normal function of the heart. As the name suggests, these Super Strength Omega 3 Softgels are loaded with essential fatty acids (EFAs) that you can only obtain from food or supplements. They offer a higher EFA content than typical omega 3 supplements. Our Super Strength Omega 3 Softgels contain EPA (eicosapentaenoic acid) and DHA (docosahexaenoic acid), essential fatty acids primarily sourced from cold water fish such as tuna, mackerel, trout and halibut. *Regular doses of 250mg EPA and DHA every day contribute to normal functioning of the heart. \ Purpose Omega 3 fish oils contain essential fatty acids that can’t be synthesised by the human body (they can only be ingested from food and supplements), and they help to promote normal heart function, so our Super Strength Omega 3 Softgels 1000mg are intended to supplement any healthy diet and lifestyle. \ Benefits Super Strength Contains a higher content of EFAs than regular omega 3 supplements. Healthy Heart Regular intake of 250mg EPA and DHA contributes to normal function of the heart. Incredible Value High content omega 3 fish oils at a fair price. Directions Directions Take 1 softgel, 3 times per day, with food. \ Related Products Supplement with Super Strength Omega 3 alongside other supplements, such as: Complete Multivitamin Complex™ and Complete Probiotic™. Discover our full range of fish oil supplements, including our fish oil softgels, and vegan omega 3 softgels. Ingredients Ingredients Omega 3 Fish Oil, Softgel (Gelatin, Glycerin, Water), Antioxidant (Tocopherol-Rich Extract). \ Allergen advice For allergens, see ingredients in bold. May contain soya, cereals containing gluten, crustaceans, molluscs, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (3 SOFTGELS) Omega 3 Fish Oil 3000 mg (providing EPA 990 mg, DHA 660 mg) typeId recently-viewed count 6