atchczdedkeseuiefritnlplptroseuk SPORTS MULTI AM:PM™ Price Regular Price: £29.99 Final Price: £16.49 Save £13.50 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required QTY 120 Capsules Description SPORTS MULTI AM:PM™ The very best multivitamin and mineral supplement from Bulk, providing an incredible 32 active ingredients including vitamins, minerals, antioxidants and enzymes split into AM and PM formulations so you get the nutrition you need throughout the day. If you don’t love it, we’ll give you your money back*. Every single vitamin and mineral in Sports Multi AM:PM has been carefully selected for its specific purpose, and blended with complementary nutrients to provide optimum nutrition. Both the AM and PM formulas contain a combination of vitamin and mineral complexes that combine to target unique needs for the specific time of day. AM: Energy and Cognitive Complex™* B Vitamins: B1, B2, B3, B5 and B12. The B family of vitamins are some of the most essential for healthy bodily function. Specifically, they contribute to reduction of tiredness and fatigue, making them ideal for your AM vitamin intake. Iodine: Iodine is a chemical element that contributes to normal thyroid function, and also contributes to normal function of the nervous system and energy yielding metabolism. AM: Oxidative Stress & Bone Health Complex™** Calcium: Essential for the maintenance of normal bones and teeth, our Sports Multi AM:PM™ multivitamin contains high quality calcium bisglycinate from K-Pure®, a world leading provider of nutritional minerals. Phosphorous: An essential mineral that contributes to the maintenance of bones and teeth. Maritime Pine Bark: Sourced from the Pinus pinaster, a mid-sized pine. Maritime pine bark has been used as a supplement in France as far back as the 1500s. Quercetin: A flavonol typically found in fruits and vegetables, now increasingly popular as a supplement. Natural Vitamin E: Vitamin E contributes to protection of cells from oxidative stress. We use a natural form of Vitamin E for this complex, unlike the majority of supplements that use an inferior, synthetic form. Manganese: Typically found in nuts and seeds, manganese is a mineral that contributes to normal bones and connective tissue function. For Sports Multi AM:PM™, we use K-Pure®’s superior bisglycinate form of manganese. Vitamin K1: Contributes to the maintenance of normal bones and normal blood clotting. AM: Immune Blend™*** Vitamin C: One of the most essential vitamins in your diet, contributing to healthy immune system function. LactoSpore®: A premium preparation of Bacillus coagulans, a probiotic bacteria found in your gut. LactoSpore®’s lactic acid bacillus preparation ensures optimum reactivation in your digestive system. DigeZyme®: Digestive enzymes help your digestive system to break down proteins, fats and other nutrients. DigeZyme® is a proprietary blend of amylase, protease, cellulase and lipase, contributing to normal digestive function. Iron: Iron contributes to normal function of the immune system. Sports Multi AM:PM™ uses Iron bisglycinate, a gentler form of iron that’s easier for the body to absorb. Lutein: A naturally occurring carotenoid, commonly found in yellow fruits and vegetables. Folic Acid: Also known as folate, folic acid is a B vitamin that contributes to normal immune system function and amino acid synthesis. Vitamin A: Contributes to normal iron metabolism. Copper: We use K-Pure®’s copper bisglycinate preparation for this formula, a superior source of copper to contribute to normal immune system function. PM: Oxidative Stress Protection™**** Potassium: An essential mineral in your diet, commonly found in bananas and spinach. Lycopene: A naturally occurring chemical that gives fruit and vegetables their red colour, commonly found in the liver, blood and skin. Vitamin D3: Vitamin D is an essential vitamin that contributes to normal blood calcium levels, and our Sports Multi AM:PM™ supplement gives you the full 1000iu dose. Selenium: An essential mineral, contributing to protection of cells from oxidative stress. PM: Protein Metabolising Formula™***** Magnesium: Magnesium contributes to normal protein synthesis in the body, and our formula provides magnesium in its superior bisglycinate form. LactoSpore®: A premium preparation of Bacillus coagulans, a probiotic bacteria found in your gut. LactoSpore®’s lactic acid bacillus preparation ensures optimum reactivation in your digestive system. DigeZyme®: Digestive Enzymes help your digestive system to break down proteins, fats and other nutrients. DigeZyme® is a proprietary blend of amylase, protease, cellulase and lipase, contributing to normal digestive function. Choline: Closely linked with the B family of vitamins, we added choline to our Sports Multi AM:PM™ supplement in its superior bitartrate form. Zinc: An essential mineral contributing to normal blood testosterone levels and macronutrient metabolism, Sports Multi AM:PM™ contains premium zinc methionine for optimal nutrition. Vitamin B6: Contributes to normal protein metabolism. BioPerine®: A registered form of black pepper extract, a popular supplement in sports nutrition. Biotin: A water soluble B vitamin that contributes to macronutrient metabolism. \ Purpose Like every product in our Bulk™ PRO series, Sports Multi AM:PM™ is designed for professional athletes and serious trainers. It’s produced to the highest standards using ingredients from industry-leading manufacturers, and every batch is tested for banned substances in an ISO 17025 accredited laboratory under the renowned Informed Sport programme. We also test every batch with a separate independent laboratory to verify its nutritional content, paying close attention to protein levels. If a batch doesn’t meet our rigorous standards, we reject it. If you want a comprehensive multivitamin and mineral supplement designed to meet the requirements of elite athletes, look no further. * Contains vitamin B5 which contributes to normal energy yielding metabolism and Iodine which contributes to normal cognitive function. ** Contains manganese which contributes to the protection of cells from oxidative stress alongside Calcium which is needed for the maintenance of normal bones. *** Contains vitamin C and copper which contribute to the normal function of the immune system. **** Contains selenium which contributes to the protection of cells from oxidative stress. ***** Contains vitamin B6 and magnesium which contribute to normal protein metabolism. *Sports Multi AM:PM™ | Money Back Guarantee We’re confident that you’ll love our PRO range. If for any reason you’re not happy with your purchase, however, and have not used an unreasonable amount, simply return it to our specified returns address within 28 days of purchase and we’ll credit your customer account with Bulk™ credit to the value of the returned product. \ Benefits Lab Tested and Approved for Athletes Tested for banned substances in an ISO 17025 accredited laboratory under the Informed Sport programme. Next Level Nutrition Packed with an incredible 32 active ingredients at higher doses than most competing products. Fully Functional Combines 31 unique vitamins and minerals to support a whole range of normal bodily processes. Optimised Nutrition Provides essential nutrition in its most bioavailable, easily absorbed form. Combined Action Combines a range of nutrients in unique, complementary combinations to provide optimum nutritional intake. Directions Directions Consume 2 AM capsules (white) with breakfast and 2 PM capsules (black) with dinner. Ingredients Ingredients AM CAPSULES: Calcium (Calcium Salt of Orthophosphoric Acid), Capsule Shell (Hydroxypropyl Methyl Cellulose), Bulking Agent (Microcrystalline Cellulose), Vitamin C (L-Ascorbic Acid), Iron (Iron Bisglycinate), Pine Bark Extract, Bacillus Coagulans (LactoSpore®), Lutein Preparation (Tagetes erecta L. Extract), DigeZyme® Enzyme Complex (Amylase, Protease, Cellulase, Lactase, Lipase), Quercetin, Anti-Caking Agents (Magnesium Stearate, Silicon Dioxide), Niacin (Nicotinamide), Vitamin E (D-Alpha Tocopheryl Acid Succinate), Vitamin A Preparation (Retinyl Acetate), Pantothenic Acid (Calcium D-Pantothenate), Vitamin K2 (Menaquinone, MK-7), Manganese (Manganese Bisglycinate), Copper (CoreChelate® Copper Bisglycinate), Calcium (CoreChelate® Calcium Bisglycinate), Riboflavin, Thiamin (Thiamin Hydrochloride), Folic Acid, Iodine (Potassium Iodide), Vitamin B12 (Methylcobalamin). PM CAPSULES: Magnesium (CoreChelate® Magnesium Bisglycinate), Bulking Agent (Microcrystalline Cellulose), Potassium (Potassium Citrate), Capsule Shell (Hydroxypropyl Methyl Cellulose, Colour (Iron Oxide)), Choline Bitartrate, Zinc (Zinc Mono-L-Methionine Sulphate), Tomato Extract (10%Lycopene), Bacillus Coagulans (LactoSpore®), DigeZyme® Enzyme Complex (Amylase, Protease, Cellulase, Lactase, Lipase), Anti-Caking Agents (Magnesium Stearate, Silicon Dioxide), Vegan Vitamin D3 Preparation (D3V®), Selenium (L-Selenomethionine), Black Pepper Extract (95% Piperine) (BioPerine®), Vitamin B6 (Pyridoxine Hydrochloride), Biotin. \ Suitable For Halal \ Allergen advice \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Close box after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (2+2 CAPSULES) Reference Intake of an average adult (%) AM Calcium 135 mg 17 Phosphorus 105 mg 15 Vitamin C 100 mg 125 Maritime Pine Bark 50 mg Quercetin 25 mg Niacin 16 mg 100 Iron 14 mg 100 Lutein 10 mg Vitamin E 10 mg 83 Pantothenic Acid 6 mg 100 Riboflavin 1.4 mg 100 Thiamine 1.1 mg 100 Copper 0.52 mg 52 Manganese 0.3 mg 15 Vitamin A 600 µg 75 Folic Acid 400 µg 200 Iodine 150 µg 100 Vitamin K2 MK-7 30 µg 40 Vitamin B12 5 µg 200 PM Magnesium 56 mg 15 Choline 50 mg LactoSpore® 750 000 000 spores DigeZyme® Enzyme Complex® 37.5 mg Zinc 10 mg 100 Lycopene 5 mg Black Pepper Extract (95% Piperine) 2.5 mg Vitamin B6 1.4 mg 100 Biotin 100 µg 200 Selenium 60 µg 109 Vitamin D 25 µg 500 typeId recently-viewed count 6