plczrochnlfrseptesateuitukiededk Himalayan Pink Salt Price Regular Price: £8.99 Final Price: £2.24 Save £6.75 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Size 500g Description Himalayan Pink Salt Natural, unprocessed pink salt sourced from the northern regions of the Himalayan mountain range. Our Himalayan Pink Salt is sourced from the northern regions of the Himalayan mountain range, and is a popular, natural alternative to table salt which typically undergoes a great deal of processing. With all of the flavour and naturally occurring trace minerals of table salt without the processing, it’s fine grained and ideal for use in salt shakers or as a partner to our Active Seasonings™. Natural and unprocessed, our Himalayn Pink Salt can also be combined with other Bulk™ products such as Coconut Water Powder, Organic Baobab Powder and Organic Lucuma Powder to make a natural electrolyte and carbohydrate powder. \ Purpose Our Himalayan Pink Salt is suitable for anyone seeking a natural alternative to table salt. It has a great flavour and is a perfect partner to almost any recipe. \ Benefits 100% Natural Natural, unprocessed pink salt from the Himalayas. Versatile Perfect for cooking or for use as part of a natural electrolyte powder. Directions Directions Add Himalayan Pink Salt to any meals, foods and recipes you may choose. \ Related Products bulk® Himalayan Pink Salt is the perfect partner to our Active Seasonings™ for all kinds of meal prep. It can also be combined with some of our other products such as Coconut Water Powder, Organic Baobab Powder and Organic Lucuma Powder to make a natural electrolyte and carbohydrate powder. Ingredients Ingredients Himalayan Pink Salt. \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain milk, eggs, soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a dry cool place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g Energy kJ/kcal 0/0 Fat of which saturates 0g 0g Carbohydrate of which sugars 0g 0g Fibre 0g Protein 0g Salt 97g typeId recently-viewed count 6