plczesatdeieeudkfritptnlseukchro Protein Pancake Mix - Peanut Butter 500g Price Regular Price: £16.99 Final Price: £11.99 Save £5.00 Clearance Sale: Now or never Description Protein Pancake Mix - Peanut Butter 500g Whipping up American-style pancakes couldn’t be simpler. Our improved Protein Pancake Mix recipe has been refined to give you showstopping pancakes in minutes. We’ve blended milk and whey protein with finely milled oats to create light, fluffy pancakes. And with at least 26g protein per serving, you’re a step towards your nutrition goals. Ready to mix up a masterpiece? Choose Original and make it your own, or try one of our tasty flavours such as Lemon Zest, Maple Syrup or Butterscotch. Enjoy as a high-protein breakfast, a mid-afternoon snack or a guilt-free dessert to curb those sweet cravings. We’ve worked hard on the recipe so you don’t have to. Just add milk or water, pour into a pan and you’re ready to flip. It’s time to stack and serve with your favourite toppings. Our Zero Calorie Syrup™ or Peanut Butter make the perfect partners. You choose. \ Purpose If you’re looking for a fun and tasty way to top up your protein intake, our Protein Pancake Mix is just for you. So simple to make and perfect any time of day. Enjoy as part of a healthy, balanced diet. \ Benefits Protein packed At least 26g protein per serving. Mix it up Available in 7 delicious flavours. Light and fluffy Improved recipe to create American-style pancakes. Super simple Just add water or milk and enjoy any time of day. Energy boost Made with finely milled oats, providing slow-release carbs to help keep you going. Directions Directions 1. Place 2 scoops (approximately 50g) of powder into a mixing bowl and add 100ml of water or milk and stir until fully mixed. 2. Heat a little oil in a non-stick frying pan. 3. Using a spoon, drop a large spoonful of the mixture into the pan and cook on a medium high heat for approximately 3-4 minutes on each side until lightly browned. 4. Serve with your favourite pancake toppings. \ Related Products You may also like Zero Calorie Syrup or Peanut Butter. Looking for a protein-packed boost? Explore our full range of protein powders to support your fitness goals. Ingredients Ingredients Milk Protein Concentrate, Oat Flour, Whey Protein Concentrate (Milk), Flavouring, Raising Agent (Sodium Bicarbonate), Thickener (Xanthan Gum), Sweetener (Sucralose). \ Suitable For Halal,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice For allergens, including cereals containing gluten, see ingredients in bold. May contain eggs, soya, other cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a dry cool place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g per serving (50g) Energy kJ/kcal 1515/358 758/179 Fat of which saturates 3.1g 1.2g 1.6g 0.6g Carbohydrate of which sugars 29g 3.1g 15g 1.6g Fibre 2.8g 1.4g Protein 52g 26g Salt 1.63g 0.82g typeId recently-viewed count 6