atchczdedkeseuiefritnlplptroseuk Glucomannan Powder Price Regular Price: £29.99 Final Price: £20.99 Save £9.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Size 500g 1kg Description Glucomannan Powder 100% pure glucomannan powder, a water soluble fibre which can contribute to weight loss* in the context of an energy restricted diet. A common ingredient in slim pasta and rice formulas, glucomannan is a water soluble fibre sourced from the Amorphophallus Konjac plant. This glucomannan powder allows you to supplement glucomannan before mealtimes as part of your energy restricted diet. Glucomannan has been shown to contribute to weight loss* in the context of an energy restricted diet. The beneficial effect is gained by taking 1g of glucomannan before each meal with plenty of water. \ Purpose Our Glucomannan (Konjac) Powder is suitable for anyone following a calorie controlled diet who is aiming to lose weight. Each dose should be taken with plenty of water, to ensure it reaches the stomach. This product is not suitable for people who have swallowing difficulties, as the fibre expands. *Glucomannan contributes to weight loss in the context of an energy restricted diet. The beneficial effect is obtained with a daily intake of 3g of glucomannan in 3 doses of 1g each, taken with 1-2 glasses of water before meals and in the context of an energy restricted diet. \ Benefits Calorie Cutter Ideal for anyone looking to cut their calorie intake as part of an energy restricted diet. Incredible Value Pure glucomannan powder at a great price. Directions Directions Mix 2 scoops (approximately 1g) with 200ml of water and consume 20-30 minutes before breakfast, lunch & dinner. Consume with adequate water, 3 servings per day. Warning: Glucomannan (Konjac) Powder should be taken with plenty of water to ensure it reaches the stomach. Taking this product without adequate fluids may cause choking. The product is not suitable for people with swallowing difficulties. \ Related Products Glucomannan can be used in conjunction with any other Weight Loss Supplements. Particularly of note would be products such as Green Coffee. We also offer glucomannan capsules if you prefer a different form. You may also be interested in exploring our full range of high fiber supplements. Ingredients Ingredients Glucomannan (Konjac) Powder (Sulphur Dioxide). \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice For allergens, see ingredients in bold. May contain milk, soya, cereals containing gluten, mustard and sesame seeds. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g per serving (1g) Energy kJ/kcal 750/187 7/2 Fat of which saturates 0g 0g 0g 0g Carbohydrate of which sugars 2.1g 0g 0g 0g Fibre 88g 0.9g Protein 0.6g 0g Salt 0g 0g typeId recently-viewed count 6