plesptdkchitczatiesedenlukrofreu Cod Liver Oil Softgels Price Regular Price: £7.99 Final Price: £6.99 Save £1.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required QTY 270 Softgels 90 Softgels Description Cod Liver Oil Softgels Potently dosed cod liver oil supplements, providing 90mg of DHA and 80mg of EPA in a single softgel, plus vitamin A and vitamin D. Cod liver oil is a source of omega 3 fatty acids, one of the groups of essential fatty acids that can’t be produced by your body, and therefore must be obtained through your diet or nutritional supplements. These Cod Liver Oil Softgels contain 1000mg of cod liver oil in each tablet, contributing to normal function of the heart*, immune system** and muscle function**. Cod liver oil is rich in the omega 3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), providing 80mg of EPA and 90mg of DHA per softgel. We’ve also added 1000iu of vitamin A and 100iu of vitamin D3 to each softgel for an extra nutritional boost. \ Purpose Our Cod Liver Oil Softgels are an ideal supplement if you want to increase your daily intake of EPA and DHA fatty acids, as well as vitamin A and vitamin D. *EPA and DHA contribute to normal function of the heart. The beneficial effect is obtained with a daily intake of 250 mg of EPA and DHA. **Vitamin D contributes to normal immune system function and maintenance of normal muscle function. \ Benefits Daily Dose Take daily for a regular dose of omega 3 fish oils. Healthy Heart Regular intake contributes to normal function of the heart*. Incredible Value High content omega 3 fish oils at a low price. Directions Directions Take 1 softgel per day, ideally with food. \ Related Products For optimal health, we suggest using Cod Liver Oil in conjunction with other Bulk™ products, particularly Complete Multivitamin Complex™ for its comprehensive delivery of vitamins, minerals, antioxidants, fruit extracts, plant extracts and probiotics. Other potential supplements to use alongside Cod Liver Oil include Complete Greens™ and Co Enzyme Q10. Ingredients Ingredients Cod Liver Oil (Fish), Softgel (Bovine Gelatin, Glycerine, Water), Vitamin A (Retinyl Palmitate), Vitamin D (Cholecalciferol). \ Suitable For Halal \ Allergen advice For allergens, see ingredients in bold. May contain soya, cereals containing gluten, crustaceans, molluscs, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (1 Softgel) Reference Intake of an average adult (%) Cod Liver Oil 1000 mg (providing EPA 80 mg, DHA 100 mg) Vitamin A 800 µg RE 100 Vitamin D 5 µg 100 typeId recently-viewed count 6