pldkptatdeczcheuitseuknlfrroesie Organic Pure Whey Protein™ Price Regular Price: £28.99 Final Price: £23.49 Save £5.50 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Unflavoured Size 500g 1kg 2.5kg Description Organic Pure Whey Protein™ Pure and simple? This one’s perfect. 100% whey protein concentrate certified organic by the Soil Association. The same quality as our popular Pure Whey Protein™, but with pure organic goodness. Organic Pure Whey Protein™ is the natural choice if you’re looking to increase your protein intake as part of a healthy, balanced lifestyle. Ready to get creative? Tie up your apron and add to home-baked cookies, flapjacks and brownies. Bring it to breakfast by mixing into porridge or pancakes. Shake up a smoothie with fresh fruit, nut butter and seeds. Keep it simple and just add water or milk. There are so many ways with this one. It’s unflavoured, so you can really make it your own. You’ll find 23g protein in every serving and just 110 calories. It’s also low in sugar (1.1g per serving) and low in fat (1.5 fat). With no artificial sweeteners, flavourings or colours, this really is the natural choice. \ Purpose If you’re looking for a natural way to increase your protein intake as part of a healthy and balanced lifestyle, our Organic Pure Whey Protein™ is the ideal choice. \ Benefits High Protein 23g protein packed into every serving. Low sugar and low fat 1.1g sugar and 1.5g fat per serving. 100% Organic Certified organic by the Soil Association. Made for mixing Unflavoured, so you can mix into your favourite shakes. Healthy lifestyle A great choice to increase protein intake, particularly as part of a healthy lifestyle. Morning, noon or night A protein-packed food supplement that can be enjoyed anytime. So versatile Mix into shakes and smoothies or add to baking. Directions Directions Mix 1 scoop (approximately 30g) Organic Pure Whey Protein™ with 200ml water in a shaker bottle. We recommend 1-3 servings per day, but in accordance with your own protein requirements. You could enjoy a shake in the morning, mix into a smoothie or stir into porridge. Suitable any time of day to increase your protein intake, particularly as part of a healthy lifestyle. \ Related Products As part of a healthy and balanced lifestyle, why not try a protein-packed smoothie and combine Organic Pure Whey Protein™ with some of your favourite ingredients. Our Peanut Butter, Chia Seeds and Ultra Fine Oats blend beautifully. If you fancy something different, try our super-powered Complete Greens™ or Complete Fruits™. Ready to get creative? Take a look at our protein recipes for ideas and inspiration. Love organic? You might like to try our Organic Maca Powder. Need a pre-workout boost to kickstart your session? Check out our Dope Pre-Workout. If you are looking for another pre-workout, browse through our full range. Craving a protein snack on the go? Give our Macro Munch Bara try! Combine it with our Essential Amino Acids to expand your nutritional intake. Ingredients Ingredients Organic Whey Protein Concentrate (Milk). \ Suitable For Halal,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice For allergens, see ingredients in bold. May contain eggs, soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g per serving (30g) Energy kJ/kcal 1554/367 466/110 Fat of which saturates 5.0g 0.3g 1.5g 0.1g Carbohydrate of which sugars 3.5g 3.5g 1.1g 1.1g Fibre 0g 0g Protein 77g 23g Salt 0.51g 0.15g typeId recently-viewed count 6