czeuplnlseroatdefritukchdkesptie Radiance Capsules Price Regular Price: £17.99 Final Price: £8.99 Save £9.00 Clearance Sale: Now or never QTY 30 Capsules Description Radiance Capsules A synergistic formula of vitamins, minerals and plant extracts to support healthy cell regeneration for great skin, healthy hair and strong nails, providing nutrients including hyaluronic acid, biotin, lutein, copper, zinc and more in a single, convenient capsule. Our formula experts set out to create the ideal supplement for healthy skin, hair and nails, and this is the result. Our Radiance Capsules™ combine 10 unique ingredients into one formula, packed into a single, easy-to-consume capsule so you’re always looking your best. Each ingredient in our Radiance Capsules™ plays a vital role in the health, strength and regeneration of hair, skin and nails, combining to create the very best one capsule formula on the market. Hyaluronic Acid A rising supplement that’s taking the skincare industry by storm, hyaluronic acid is a glycosaminoglycan that helps your skin to retain moisture. Vitamin CAs well as being one of your body’s most important vitamins, supporting healthy immune system function, vitamin C also contributes to normal collagen formation. BiotinBiotin, or vitamin B7, plays an important role in maintaining healthy hair and skin, helping to metabolise fatty acids, amino acids and glucose from food. Royal Jelly Extract 3:1Created by honey bees to feed their queen, royal jelly extract is rich in key nutrients including B-vitamins and zinc. LuteinThis carotenoid antioxidant plays a key role in maintaining healthy skin, hair and nails. SeleniumAn important mineral that contributes to the maintenance of normal nails and hair, selenium, also helps to protect cells from oxidative stress – and our Radiance Capsules™ provide 100% of your recommended intake. ManganeseA mineral that contributes to the normal formation of connective tissue. Zinc*Zinc contributes to the contributes to the maintenance of normal hair, nails and skin, as well has a role in the process of cell division. **CopperAs a mineral nutrient, copper contributes to the pigmentation of skin and hair, and also contributes to the normal function of the immune system. Beta-CaroteneYour body converts beta-carotene into vitamin A, which is important for healthy skin and eyesight, as well as immune system support. \ Purpose We created our Radiance Capsules™ for any woman who wants a little extra support maintaining healthy skin, hair and nails. By combining these capsules with your exercise regime and healthy diet, you can ensure your skin and hair get the same support as every other aspect of your life – and all with a single, natural, daily capsule. \ Benefits Healthy Hair, Skin and Nails Contains a rich selection of nutrients to promote health, strength and regeneration of your hair, skin and nails. Optimal Doses Dosed to optimal levels to provide the nutrition you need. Combined Action By blending unique ingredients with different purposes, you get the best potential in a single supplement. Directions Directions Take one capsule per day, preferably with food. Ingredients Ingredients Bulking Agent (Microcrystalline Cellulose), Hyaluronic Acid Sodium, Capsule Shell (Hydroxypropyl Methyl Cellulose), Vitamin C (Ascorbic Acid), Lutein (Corn Starch, Tagetes erecta L. Extract), Royal Jelly Extract 3:1, Anti-Caking Agents (Magnesium Stearate, Silicon Dioxide), Zinc Citrate, D-Biotin, Beta Carotene Beadlets (Modified Starch, Corn Starch, Beta Carotene, DL-Alpha Tocopherol), Manganese Sulphate, Copper Sulphate, Sodium Selenite. \ Suitable For Halal,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (per 1 Capsule daily serving) Reference Intake of an average adult (%) Zinc 5mg 50 D-Biotin 5000mcg 10000 Lutein 15mg Beta Carotene 600mcg Royal Jelly Extract 3:1 50mg Hyaluronic Acid 100mg Manganese 1mg 50 Vitamin C 100mg 125 Copper 1mg 100 Selenium 55mcg 100 typeId recently-viewed count 6