plitatescheuptnlrofrseukdkieczde Macro Munch™ Protein Bar Millionaires Shortbread Box of 12 V2 Price Regular Price: £27.99 Final Price: £8.99 Save £19.00 Clearance Description Macro Munch™ Protein Bar Millionaires Shortbread Box of 12 V2 GAINS ON-THE-GO Rushing straight to the gym after work? Time to treat yourself to a Macro Munch bar. Pocket-sized and powered by 20g protein, our delicious bars make it easy to hit your protein goals on those busy days. WHY SHOULD I TAKE IT? We’ve revamped the recipe to set the standard for protein bars. A combination of proteins provides a softer, richer texture and the delicious toppings have been moved inside the coating. Those toppings belong to 7 sumptuous flavours, including improved versions of your favourites and one brand new flavour. Every bar packs in 20g protein and contains very little sugar - the ultimate tasty treat between meals or when you’re on the move. WHY IT WORKS - Sample the 7 flavours to find your new favourite, including brand new Chocolate Cookies flavour - A combination of proteins creates a rich, smooth and soft texture - Each bar is powered by 20g protein and low on sugar - Tasty and convenient, they’re the ideal snack when you’re on-the-go Directions Directions HOW DO I USE IT? 1) Eat 1-2 bars per day as a step towards your protein goals, tasty snack on-the-go or late-night treat. 2) Enjoy the delicious taste of each soft-baked, triple-layered bar Warning: Excessive consumption may produce laxative effects. \ Related Products Check out our full range of protein bars if you are looking for a protein snack. Or looking for a delicious and nutritious addition to your protein shake? Check out our full peanut butter range. If you need more than just a snack and want a real protein boost, try our Pure Whey Protein™. Or, if you're looking for a whey alternative, try our Beef Protein Isolate 97. Looking for a more filtered protein option? Try our Pure Whey Isolate™. Prefer a lighter, more refreshing option? Try our Clear Whey Isolate. For an extra boost, add Creatine Monohydrate to your routine. Looking to increase your calorie intake? Try our Mass Gainer. Looking for a plant-based protein option? Try our Vegan Protein Powder. Or for another vegan-friendly option, check out our Pea Protein Isolate. Ingredients Ingredients Protein Blend (38%) (Milk Proteins, Isolated Soya Protein), Humectant (Glycerol), Milk Chocolate Flavour Coating (11%) (Sweetener (Maltitol), Palm Kernel, Cocoa Powder, Skimmed Milk Powder, Whey Powder (Milk), Emulsifiers (Sunflower Lecithin, Polyglycerol Polyricinoleate), Natural Flavouring), Caramel Flavour Layer (9%) (Oligofructose, Humectant (Glycerol), Shea Oil, Water, Colour (Plain Caramel), Gelling Agent (Pectin), Emulsifiers (Mono- and Diglycerides of Fatty Acids, Rapeseed Lecithin), Salt, Natural Flavouring), Corn Fibre, Isomalto-Oligosaccharide*, Sweetener (Maltitol), Rapeseed Oil, Toffee Pieces (1%) (Sugar, Glucose Syrup, Sweetened Condensed Milk (Milk, Sugar), Palm Oil, Butter Oil (Milk), Emulsifier (Powdered Cellulose), Natural Flavouring, Coconut Oil, Rapeseed Oil, Glazing Agent (Carnauba Wax)), Natural Flavourings, Colours (Plain Caramel, Calcium Carbonate), Emulsifier (Sunflower Lecithin), Spirulina, Trehalose*. *A source of glucose. \ Suitable For Vegetarian \ Allergen advice For allergens, see ingredients in bold. May contain wheat, peanuts and nuts. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place, out of direct sunlight. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g per serving (62g) Energy kJ/kcal 1390/333 871/208 Fat of which saturates 9.7 g 5.1 g 6.0 g 3.2 g Carbohydrate of which sugars of which polyols 35 g 4.5 g 28 g 22 g 2.8 g 17 g Fibre 11 g 6.8 g Protein 32 g 20 g Salt 0.43 g 0.27 g typeId recently-viewed count 6