czeuplnlseroatdefritukchdkesptie Hazelnut Butter Price Regular Price: £14.99 Final Price: £14.19 Save £0.80 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Size 500g 1kg Description Hazelnut Butter 100% natural, high quality hazelnut butter, manufactured exclusively for Bulk™. Full of flavour and perfect for bulking up. Our Hazelnut Butter is a rich, natural butter produced from 100% roasted whole hazelnuts and nothing else – no added salt, sugar, palm oil or preservatives. It’s an ideal option for any mass gain programme. 100% roasted, whole hazelnuts Delicious, natural taste with a smooth, buttery texture No added salt, sugar, palm oil No added preservatives *Contains naturally occurring sugars. \ Purpose Our Hazelnut Butter is ideal if you’re looking to bulk up quickly and effectively thanks to its high fat content. And because it’s 100% whole hazelnuts and nothing else, and with over 6g of fibre per 100g, it’s also a great ingredient for anyone looking to upgrade their lifestyle with some healthy nutritional alternatives. \ Benefits Built for Bulking Load up on calories with minimal hassle: 650kcal per 100g. High in Fibre An impressive 6.5g of fibre per 100g, a great way to increase fibre intake. All-Rounder Mix it in with your shakes or add it to a sandwich to add nutritional value. Directions Directions Great in smoothies, shakes and porridge or eaten straight off the spoon. Note: This nut butter might separate over time which is completely natural. If this happens just give it a stir. \ Related Products Hazelnut Butter makes a great addition to Protein Porridge or in your favourite Pure Whey Protein™. Alternatively, spread it on some oat cakes for a healthy, high protein snack. Looking for a chocolatey hit? Check out our dark chocolate nut butter. Craving a classic peanut butter? Give our Peanut Buttera try! Ingredients Ingredients 100% Roasted Whole Hazelnuts. \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice For allergens, please see ingredients in bold. May also contain other nuts and peanuts. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. After opening consume within 3 months. \ Advisory Information Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g Energy kJ/kcal 2685/650 Fat of which saturates 64g 4.7g Carbohydrate of which sugars 6.0g 4.0g Fibre 6.5g Protein 14g Salt 0.02g typeId recently-viewed count 6