atchczdedkeseuiefritnlplptroseuk Complete Fruits™ Price Regular Price: £39.99 Final Price: £25.99 Save £14.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Size 500g 1kg Description Complete Fruits™ This premium blend combines fruit powders, freeze-dried fruits and red foods into a nutritional, naturally-flavoured superfruit powder. Our Complete Fruits™ powder is a delicious and naturally flavoured blend of 10 superfruit ingredients that’s perfect for pimping up smoothies and shakes. Low in fat and high in fibre, it’s also a great way to add fruits and red foods into a healthy, balanced lifestyle. Created exclusively for Bulk™, our Complete Fruits™ powder combines acai berry, lucuma, baobab, beetroot, banana, lime juice, raspberry, strawberry, blueberry and grape seed into a delicious superfruit blend. \ Purpose Complete Fruits™ is perfect for anyone looking to increase their fibre intake, and add fruit-based nutrition to their diet in one convenient powder. It’s especially great for adding to your favourite protein-enhanced smoothies, or using to sweeten yoghurts or porridge. \ Benefits Easy Nutrition A simple way to add extra nutrition to your diet. All-Rounder Mix it in with your shakes or smoothies to add nutritional value. High in Fibre A great way to add fibre to your diet. Directions Directions Mix 2 level scoops (approximately 5g), with 50ml water in a shaker bottle. Alternatively, add Complete Fruits™ to any other drink or shake. \ Related Products Complete Fruits™ combines well with Complete Multivitamin Complex™ and Pro Culture™. It also combines really well with some fresh fruit and protein powder in a smoothie. Looking for a nutrient-packed superfood to add to your shakes? Try our Chia Seeds. Looking for other ways to support your immune system? Check out our full range of multivitamins. Ingredients Ingredients Complete Fruits™ Blend (Acai Berry Powder, Baobab Powder, Lucuma Powder, Beetroot Powder, Lime Juice Powder, Freeze-Dried Banana Powder, Freeze-Dried Raspberry Powder, Freeze-Dried Strawberry Powder, Grape Seed Extract, Freeze-Dried Blueberry Powder), Natural Flavouring. \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain milk, eggs, soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a dry cool place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g per serving Energy kJ/kcal 1356/322 74/18 Fat of which saturates 0.8g 0.2g 0.0g 0.0g Carbohydrate of which sugars 66g 21g 3.3g 1.1g Fibre 21g 1.1g Protein 2.6g 0.1g Salt 0.11g 0.01g typeId recently-viewed count 6