pleuseatczesptfriedkitnlchrodeuk Dark Chocolate Hazelnut Butter Price Regular Price: £14.99 Final Price: £11.99 Save £3.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Size 500g Description Dark Chocolate Hazelnut Butter High quality, dark chocolate roasted hazelnut butter, manufactured exclusively for Bulk™ Full of flavour and perfect for mass gain programmes. Our Dark Chocolate Roasted Hazelnut Butter is a premium butter, mixing high quality hazelnuts with delicious cocoa mass, with no added preservatives. Loaded with 55g of fat per 100g, it’s an ideal option for anyone looking to bulk up efficiently. This hazelnut butter uses carefully selected hazelnuts of the highest quality, combined with premium chocolate. Each batch packs an impressive 632kcal per 100g, including 12g of protein and 55g of fat. \ Purpose Our Dark Chocolate Roasted Hazelnut Butter is ideal if you’re looking to bulk up quickly and effectively thanks to its fat content. A delicious artisan alternative to popular branded spreads, it’s a nutritious and versatile product that can be enjoyed on its own or added to other shakes to increase calorie content and improve taste. \ Benefits Built for Bulking Load up on calories with minimal hassle: 632kcal per 100g. Full of Flavour A delicious alternative to expensive high street brands. All-Rounder Mix it in with your shakes or add it to a sandwich to add nutritional value. Directions Directions Great in smoothies, shakes and porridge or eaten straight off the spoon. Note: This nut butter might separate over time which is completely natural. If this happens just give it a stir. WARNING: May contain pieces of nutshell. Ingredients Ingredients Roasted Hazelnuts, Dark Chocolate (Cocoa Mass, Sugar, Fat-Reduced Cocoa Powder, Soya Lecithin, Flavouring). \ Suitable For Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice For allergens, see ingredients in bold. May also contain milk, peanuts and other nuts. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. After opening consume within 3 months. \ Advisory Information Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g Energy kJ/kcal 2610/632 Fat of which saturates 55g 10g Carbohydrate of which sugars 15g 12g Fibre 10.6g Protein 13g Salt 0g typeId recently-viewed count 6