plczieitatptdechnlrodkseesukfreu HMB Powder Price Regular Price: £5.99 Final Price: £5.49 Save £0.50 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Size 100g 500g Description HMB Powder HMB is an abbreviation of Beta-Hydroxy Beta-Methylbutyrate – it’s easy to see why it gets abbreviated to HMB! HMB is an active metabolite of the Branched Chain Amino Acid, Leucine. HMB has been sold since the 1990s and has gained in popularity ever since. HMB is a popular addition to ‘all in one’ formulas, typically taken post-training. Despite being similar, HMB and Leucine are metabolised differently. HMB is produced by the liver enzyme Ketoisocaproate. Increasing Leucine consumption would only result in modest increases in HMB levels. Bulk™ HMB powder is of the highest purity and is made from 100% HMB powder. \ Purpose HMB powder is a great addition to post workout shakes. It can be added to an ‘all in one’ formula with protein, carbohydrate, Creatine and Branched Chain Amino Acids (BCAA). \ Benefits Made for Mixing Convenient powder for mixing with your post-workout shake. Incredible Value High purity nutrition at a low price. Directions Directions Mix 2 scoops (1.5g) with 50ml water. Consume 1-3 servings daily. Ingredients Ingredients HMB (Beta Hydroxy Beta Methylbutyrate). \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain milk, eggs, soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (1.5 g) HMB (Beta-Hydroxy-Beta-Methylbutyrate Calcium) 1.5g typeId recently-viewed count 6