deieplesitdkcznlroeuchsefratptuk Elevate Pre-Workout Price Regular Price: £39.99 Final Price: £19.99 Save £20.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Cherry Cola Orange & Mango Size 660g Description Elevate Pre-Workout We created Elevate™ with one goal in mind: create an effective pre-workout that’s elite athlete approved. Each serving is loaded with a powerhouse blend of 11 ingredients, all with total transparency so you know exactly how you’re fuelling your body. If you don’t love it, we’ll give you your money back.* Elevate™ has undergone rigorous lab testing and has been banned substance tested under the Informed Sport programme. It’s not just a supplement, but a critical performance tool for professional athletes and serious trainers. Elevate™ contains a considered blend of high-quality carbohydrates, amino acids, energy supplements, vitamins and thermonutrients, including: " Vitargo® Carbohydrate: Each serving of Elevate™ contains 10g of Vitargo®’s world patented sports carbohydrate, included for its low molecular weight. Citrulline Malate: Citrulline malate is an expensive ingredient, so most formulas settle for low dosages. Instead, we added an impressive 5g in each and every serving. Arginine Alpha-Ketoglutarate (AAKG): AAKG can be found in almost every pre-workout, but few give you 4g in a single serving. Beta Alanine: We added 3.5g of beta alanine in each serving of Elevate™. Trimethylglycine (TMG): Closely related to creatine, TMG is rarely found in pre-workout formulas. And it’s even rarer to find a pre-workout that contains the full 3g dosage. Taurine: Taurine is a popular ingredient in many commercial energy drinks. We added 2.5g to every serving. L-Tyrosine: Tyrosine is an amino acid that’s a precursor to adrenaline, so we added 400mg to each serving. Caffeine: Caffeine is probably the world’s most popular stimulant, shown to increase alertness, improve concentration and reduce perceived exertion (how quickly you feel tired when training). We added 200mg to help increase endurance capacity and performance during your workout. Vitamin B6: Part of the B vitamin family, we added 5mg of vitamin B6 to Elevate™ to contribute to reduced tiredness and fatigue. BioPerine®: BioPerine® is a natural thermonutrient that’s extracted from the Piper nigrum L plant (black pepper). We added 5mg to each serving to increase the absorption rate of all other ingredients. \ Purpose If you want a serious pre-workout for serious training, look no further. As part of our Bulk™ PRO series of supplements, Elevate™ is designed for professional athletes and serious trainers. It’s produced to the highest standards using ingredients from industry-leading manufacturers, and every batch is tested for banned substances in an ISO 17025 accredited laboratory under the renowned Informed Sport programme. *Elevate™ Money Back Guarantee We’re confident that you’ll love our PRO range. If for any reason you’re not happy with your purchase, however, and have not used an unreasonable amount, simply return it to our specified returns address within 28 days of purchase and we’ll credit your customer account with Bulk™ credit to the value of the returned product. \ Benefits Lab Tested and Approved for Athletes Tested for banned substances in an ISO 17025 accredited laboratory under the Informed Sport programme. Next Level Nutrition Packed with an incredible 11 active ingredients at higher doses than most competing products. Optimal Doses Every ingredient is dosed to optimal levels, higher than any competing product. Directions Directions Mix 1 scoop (33g) with 300ml of water and shake well. Drink 30-45 mins before exercise, ideally on an empty stomach, 1 serving per day. WARNINGS: High Caffeine Content (67mg/100ml). Not recommended for children or pregnant or breast-feeding women. Contains silica bag - DO NOT EAT. This product contains Beta Alanine which may produce a tingling, itching or flushing sensation of the skin. This effect is harmless and typically subsides within an hour of use. Read this blogpostto learn more. \ Related Products As a pre-workout supplement, Elevate™ combines effectively with a wide array of other products. Products commonly used in conjunction with Elevate™ include Complete Intra-Workout™, which takes care of your during workout nutrition; and Informed Whey™, which will ensure you meet your daily protein intake requirements. You may also be interested in our low calorie and low sugar Pre-Workout (Elevate Zero). Ingredients Ingredients Waxy Maize Starch (Vitargo®), Citrulline Malate, Arginine Alpha Ketoglutarate, Beta Alanine, Trimethylglycine, Taurine, Flavouring, Anti-Caking Agent (Silicon Dioxide), Sunflower Lecithin, Glucuronolactone, L-Tyrosine, Acid (Citric Acid), Colour (Grape Skin Extract), Caffeine, Sweetener (Sucralose), Vitamin B6 (Pyridoxine Hydrochloride), Black Pepper Extract (BioPerine®). \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain milk, eggs, soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a dry cool place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g per serving (33g) Energy kJ/kcal 1523/359 503/118 Fat of which saturates 0.6g <0.1g 0.2g <0.1g Carbohydrate of which sugars 32g 0.8g 11g 0.3g Fibre 1.6g 0.5g Protein 56g 18g Salt 0.19g 0.06g \ Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (33g) Reference Intake of an average adult (%) Vitargo® 10g Citrulline Malate 5g Arginine Alpha Ketoglutarate 4g Beta Alanine 3.5g Trimethylglycine 2.5g Taurine 2.5g Glucuronolactone 500mg L-Tyrosine 400mg Caffeine 200mg Black Pepper Extract (95% Piperine) 5mg Vitamin B6 5mg 357 typeId recently-viewed count 6