ptienlczdkfresatplrochdeitukseeu Tryptophan Price Regular Price: £19.99 Final Price: £4.99 Save £15.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Size 100g Description Tryptophan 100% pure tryptophan powder, an essential amino acid used by the body to produce serotonin and melatonin. Tryptophan is an essential amino acid, meaning it can’t be produced by your body, and must be obtained through your diet or nutritional supplements. Our Tryptophan comes in powdered form and is great for mixing in with your favourite shake formula to up your intake of tryptophan. Tryptophan is best known as a precursor for the production of serotonin and melatonin in the body. \ Purpose Our tryptophan powder is ideal for mixing in with your shakes and smoothies if you feel like integrating tryptophan into your pre-workout supplement. \ Benefits Made for Mixing Ideal for mixing with your favourite shakes. Incredible Value 100% pure tryptophan powder at a great price Directions Directions Mix 1 scoop (approximately 220mg) with 200ml water, ideally on an empty stomach and immediately before bed. Take one serving per day. \ Related Products We would suggest not using Tryptophan alongside supplements that raise Serotonin levels. It could, however, be combined with other supplements such as ZMA. Ingredients Ingredients L-Tryptophan. \ Suitable For Vegan,Vegetarian,Halal \ Allergen advice May contain milk, eggs, soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (220 mg) L-Tryptophan 220mg typeId recently-viewed count 6