chczdedkeseuiefritnlplptroseukat Vitamin E Softgels Price Regular Price: £24.99 Final Price: £17.99 Save £7.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required QTY 270 Softgels Description Vitamin E Softgels Vitamin E is a fat soluble vitamin commonly found in foods such as spinach, asparagus and almonds. These Vitamin E Softgels provide a potent 400iu dosage in a convenient softgel, equivalent to 268mg. Our potently dosed Vitamin E Softgels, providing 400iu of premium vitamin E per capsule in its DL alpha tocopherol form, contributing to protection of cells from oxidative stress. Vitamin E is actually a group of fat soluble vitamins that have different forms. These softgels contain vitamin E in the form of DL alpha tocopherol acetate. \ Purpose Our Vitamin E Softgels are an ideal supplement for anyone who wants to ensure they’re getting their regular dietary intake of vitamin E. And because they’re in a softgel form, they’re a convenient way to up your nutritional intake with minimal hassle. \ Benefits Easy Nutrition A simple way to add extra nutrition to your diet. Pure Potency 268 mg (400 IU) per softgel. Directions Directions Take 1 softgel per day, with food. Ingredients Ingredients Vitamin E (DL Alpha Tocopheryl Acetate), Softgel (Gelatin, Glycerine, Water). \ Suitable For Halal \ Allergen advice May contain soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (1 Softgel) Reference Intake of an average adult (%) Vitamin E 268 mg α-TE (400 IU) 2233 typeId recently-viewed count 6