plczrochnlfrseptesateuitukiededk Sucralose Price Regular Price: £20.99 Final Price: £5.24 Save £15.75 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Size 100g Description Sucralose Our 100% pure sucralose powder, 600 times sweeter than table sugar with zero calories, in a superior form to typical supermarket products. Ideal for sweetening shakes, drinks and recipes without the calorie overload. Sucralose is a tabletop sweetener that’s used for a wide range of culinary purposes. It’s an ideal sugar substitute for anyone on an energy-restricted diet who wants to cut their calorie intake without sacrificing their sweet tooth. \ Purpose As a sugar substitute, you can use sucralose for virtually any purpose for which you might normally use sugar. That includes sweetening tea, coffee, shakes and formulas, or even adding to home baking recipes. It’s 600 times sweeter than sugar, so you only need to use a fraction of sugar. \ Benefits Calorie Control Zero carbs, fat, sugar or calories, so you can indulge your sweet tooth. Premium and Pure Contains no fillers, unlike typical high street products. Sweet Enough Great as an alternative sweetener to add mild sweetness to smoothies. Incredible Value Pure sucralose powder at a low price. Directions Directions Bulk™ Sucralose is extremely potent, so use with caution. Directions depends entirely on the application, but to sweeten something such as an unflavoured protein powder, we would suggest in the region of 50mg per shake. \ Related Products There are no direct synergists of Sucralose, however it is ideal for sweetening unflavoured protein powders such as Whey Protein, Casein and Egg Protein. Ingredients Ingredients Sucralose. \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain milk, eggs, soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g Energy kJ/kcal 0/0 Fat of which saturates 0g 0g Carbohydrate of which sugars 0g 0g Fibre 0g Protein 0g Salt 0g typeId recently-viewed count 6