plczesatdeieeudkfritptnlseukchro Zero Calorie Syrup™ Price Regular Price: £5.99 Final Price: £3.99 Save £2.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Butterscotch Chocolate Caramel Golden Syrup Honey Maple Syrup Maple Peanut Butter Salted Caramel Vanilla Sweet Cinnamon Description Zero Calorie Syrup™ Satisfy your sweet tooth without loading up on calories. Available in a range of mouth-watering flavours, our Zero Calorie Syrup™ adds an injection of flavour to your favourite foods, with zero sugar, fat or calories. Craving some sweetness but worried about the calories? Look no further. Our Zero Calorie Syrup™ is ideal for athletes or those on a calorie-restricted diet. Our Zero Calorie Syrup™ is sweetened with sucralose instead of sugar, so it contains absolutely zero carbs, zero fats and zero calories per serving. It goes great with all kinds of meals and snacks, any time of day. You can even add it to your protein shakes to add a little extra flavour. \ Purpose Our Zero Calorie Syrup™ is ideal for anyone on a calorie controlled diet, or anyone who wants to cut down their calorie intake without cutting out the sweet stuff. It goes great with foods like pancakes, porridge, shakes, coffee, yoghurt, ice cream and more, so whether you’re cutting your calories or cutting out carbs, you can indulge yourself without any worries. \ Benefits Calorie Control Zero carbs, fat, sugar or calories, so you can indulge your sweet tooth. Suitable for Vegans and Vegetarians Contains no meat or dairy products. Full of Flavour Available in a range of mouth-watering flavours, such as maple syrup and butterscotch. Directions Directions Zero sugar, fat or calories per serving - meaning you can satisfy your sweet tooth without sacrificing your diet. Spoon it Drop a spoonful into your morning protein shake to add a little sweetness. Squeeze it Drizzle over porridge or pancakes for an extra golden touch. Serve it Use in the kitchen to enrich your receipes or even add to your morning coffee. \ Related Products Looking for more low calorie treats? Check out our range of barista syrups. If you are wanting a drink to go with your syrup, check out or Collagen Coffee or Keto Coffee. If you are looking for a new morning drink, check out our Breakfast Smoothie. Ingredients Ingredients Water, Thickeners (Sodium Carboxy Methyl Cellulose, Xanthan Gum), Salt, Colour (Sulphite Ammonia Caramel), Natural Flavouring, Acid (Lactic Acid), Sweetener (Sucralose), Preservatives (Potassium Sorbate, Sodium Benzoate). \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice For allergens, see ingredients in bold. \ Storage Once a bottle is opened, refrigerate ( \ Advisory Information Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. Nutrition Nutrition Our Zero Calorie Syrup™ is exactly that, zero calories per serving with all the flavour you'd expect from your usual calorie and sugar-filled syrup. With zero sugar and zero fat per serving, it's a nice way to add flavour to your diet without adding in the calories. \ 0 caloriescaloriesper serving 0gsugarper serving 0gfatper serving Nutrition per 100 g per serving (5g) Energy kJ/kcal 14/3 1/0 Fat of which saturates 0g 0g 0g 0g Carbohydrate of which sugars 0.2g 0.2g 0g 0g Fibre 1.0g 0.1g Protein 0g 0g Salt 0.30g 0.02g FAQs FAQs What is a zero calorie syrup? One of our favourite low-calorie developments at Bulk™, our Zero Calorie Syrup™ is sweetened with sucralose instead of sugar, meaning it contains zero carbs, zero fats and zero calories per serving - setting it apart from our Golden Syrup. It goes great with all kinds of meals and snacks, any time of day, and you can even add it to your protein shakes to add some extra flavour to your regular foods. What are the benefits of using Zero Calorie Syrup™? Zero Calorie Syrup is ideal if you're looking to reduce and control your sugar intake, and avoid unwanted carbs, whilst still enjoying food that tastes great, and keeping your sweet tooth happy. Who should take Zero Calorie Syrup™? Zero Calorie Syrup is a good option for you, regardless of your lifestyle. If you're looking to cut your sugar or calorie intake without sacrificing good-tasting food, then count on this syrup to give you the dash of flavour you need. What does it taste like? A full, syrupy flavour without those pesky calories - all the good and none of the guilt. Are there any dietary restrictions? Our Zero Calorie Syrup is truly democratic - you can enjoy this, regardless of your dietary requirements. So whether you're vegan or vegetarian, pour this delectable syrup over your breakfast, or enjoy at any time of the day. typeId recently-viewed count 6