frchatieczdeptnlitroplesdkeuukse Pea Protein Isolate Price Regular Price: £11.99 Final Price: £7.99 Save £4.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Banana Chocolate Mint Coconut Unflavoured Vanilla Size 500g 1kg 2.5kg 5kg Description Pea Protein Isolate Living a vegan lifestyle? Looking to go more plant-based? Supporting your healthy, balanced lifestyle with the right amount of protein isn’t always easy. Enter our Pea Protein Isolate. This planet-friendly protein supplement is a high-achiever. A banana and spinach smoothie, a home-baked blondie, crumbly cookies or vegan scrambled eggs. Get cooking. Get creative. There’ll be nothing stopping you. It’s time to choose your flavour. Simply Vanilla, creamy Coconut, brave Banana or daring Chocolate Mint. Keep it simple with Unflavoured and make it your own. After rigorous testing, we chose yellow peas for this formula, which offer the best flavour, solubility and quality without sacrificing the protein content. Ready to be impressed? This punchy protein powder contains at least 78% protein content (at least 23g protein per serving). You’ll also find under 120 calories and low sugar (less than 0.2g per serving). This is plant-powered protein at its very best. Did you know? We use Pea Protein Isolate in our Vegan Protein Brownie. It’s also commonly used as an ingredient in home baking to create high-protein vegan snacks such as vegan bars, cakes & cookies. \ Purpose If you’re looking for a plant protein to supplement a healthy, balanced lifestyle, our Pea Protein Isolate is for you. We’ve carefully crafted this premium isolate powder to make it highly soluble, silky smooth and protein rich. \ Benefits High Protein At least 23g of protein per serving. Low sugar Less than 0.2g sugar per serving. Vegan friendly Offering a great alternative to dairy proteins. Full of flavour Choose from a range of delicious flavours, or keep it simple with Unflavoured. Healthy lifestyle A great choice to increase protein intake, particularly as part of a healthy lifestyle. Morning, noon or night A protein-packed food supplement that can be enjoyed anytime. So versatile Mix into shakes and smoothies or add to baking. Directions Directions Mix 1 scoop (approximately 30g) in 300ml water. We recommend 1-3 servings per day, but in accordance with your own protein requirements. You could enjoy a shake in the morning, mix into a smoothie or stir into porridge. Suitable any time of day to increase your protein intake, particularly as part of a healthy lifestyle. \ Related Products As part of a healthy and balanced lifestyle, why not try a protein-packed smoothie and combine Pea Protein Isolate with some of your favourite ingredients. Our Peanut Butter, Chia Seeds and Ultra Fine Oats blend beautifully. If you fancy something different, try mixing with our super-powered Complete Greens or Complete Fruits. Looking for a blended plant-based protein option? Check out our Vegan Protein Powder. For a vegan protein snack on the go, try our Vegan Protein Brownie. Ingredients Ingredients Pea Protein Isolate, Natural Flavouring, Sweetener (Steviol Glycosides from Stevia). \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain milk, soya, cereals containing gluten, mustard, sesame seeds, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g per serving (30g) Energy kJ/kcal 1611/381 483/114 Fat of which saturates 5.5g 1.1g 1.7g 0.3g Carbohydrate of which sugars 4.0g 0g 1.5g 0g Fibre 1.0g 0.3g Protein 78g 23g Salt 2.26g 0.68g FAQs FAQs What are the benefits of pea protein isolate? Pea protein isolate is a plant-based protein powder that makes a great alternative to animal-based protein powders. It is vegan-friendly and contains all nine essential amino acids, including the BCAAs, making it a complete protein source. Pea protein offers a convenient and effective way of meeting your daily protein requirements, providing fundamental support for post-workout recovery and muscle repair. How do I use it? Pea protein isolate can be used in various ways, including as a post-workout shake, mixed with smoothies, added to porridge or yoghurt, or used as an ingredient in baking. What does pea protein taste like? Pea protein is said to have a mild, slightly earthy taste that doesn’t overpower. However, this can be easily disguised by mixing into recipes such as smoothies or porridge. Alternatively, you could opt for one of our flavours of pea protein, including chocolate mint, vanilla, and banana. Who should use pea protein isolate? Pea protein isolate is a great choice for people with dietary restrictions, such as vegans and vegetarians. However, it’s also suitable for anyone looking to increase their daily protein intake. Which is better, pea or whey protein? The choice between pea and whey protein ultimately depends on individual needs and preferences. While whey is a little more readily absorbed compared to pea, and pea is a more suitable option for those with dietary restrictions, they still share many of the same core benefits and are both great choices. typeId recently-viewed count 6