atchczdedkeseuiefritnlplptroseuk Complete Greens™ Price Regular Price: £9.99 Final Price: £6.99 Save £3.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Apple & Lime Mixed Berry Peach & Mango Unflavoured Size 100g 500g 1kg Description Complete Greens™ Bulk™ Complete Greens™ have been a staple of our product range since 2012. Over the course of the years, there’s been a few variations of this product, some with more ingredients and some with less. We’ve always done our best to bring the best product to our customers, which is why we now have the ethos of “less is more”. We’ve chopped the ingredients list down from 25 ingredients to 8 of the best super greens that are fully established in sports nutrition. Our super greens powder now consist of Spirulina, Chlorella, Broccoli, Pumpkin Protein, Spinach, Alfalfa, Moringa and Kale. In the unflavoured version, these eight ingredients are all you’ll get, in all their vibrant green glory. In our flavoured versions, we add some natural flavouring, citric acid and stevia extract to provide a fruity twist to the experience Complete Greens™ are high in fibre and low in saturated fat. We believe that the reformulation of this product is now giving our customers more of what they want and less of what they don’t, all packed into one convenient vegetable supplement. Complete Greens™ are perfect for adding to smoothies, soups, or just for shaking up with some water for a hit of fibre. \ Purpose Our Greens™ are designed to be an all-in-one blend of 8 popular greens, suitable for anyone seeking a convenient source of fibre without the chewing. \ Benefits 8 Super green ingredients Including spirulina, chlorella and broccoli High fibre Each serving provides 2.3g fibre Convenient Load up on 8 super greens without the chewing Versatile Add to smoothies, soups and foods Directions Directions Mix 3.5 scoops (approx. 9g) with 250ml of water in a bulk® shaker bottle. Consume 1-2 servings per day. \ Related Products Complete Greens™ combines well with Complete Multivitamin Complex™ and Pro Culture™. It also combines really well with some fresh fruit and Vegan Protein Powder in a smoothie. Discover our full range of super greens, including Hemp Protein Powder and Pea Protein Powder. Looking to support your immune system? Try our Collagen & Vitamin C Powder. Or looking for a multivitamin complex instead of a single vitamin? Try our Complete Multivitamin Complex™ Tablets. If you are looking for an alternative to tablets, try our Multivitamin Gummies. Looking for more multivitamins instead of minerals? Check out our full range of multivitamins. Looking for a nutrient-packed superfood to add to your shakes? Try our Chia Seeds. Ingredients Ingredients Spirulina, Chlorella (Broken Cell Wall), Broccoli, Pumpkin Seed Protein, Spinach, Alfalfa, Moringa, Kale. \ Suitable For Vegetarian,Halal,Vegan \ Allergen advice May contain milk, eggs, soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a dry cool place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g per serving (9g) Energy kJ/kcal 1291/307 116/28 Fat of which saturates 2.6g 0.9g 0.2g 0.1g Carbohydrate of which sugars 17g 7.6g 1.5g 0.7g Fibre 25g 2.3g Protein 42g 3.7g Salt 1.47g 0.13g typeId recently-viewed count 6