plczesatdeieeudkfritptnlseukchro Essential Whey Protein Price Regular Price: £14.99 Final Price: £9.99 Save £5.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Chocolate Salted Caramel Strawberry Vanilla Size 500g 1kg 2.5kg 5kg Description Essential Whey Protein Finding a Whey Protein that hits the mark on cost, convenience and quality can be a challenge. So we’ve created Essential Whey Protein. This is a great choice if you’re looking to increase your protein intake as part of a healthy, balanced lifestyle. And the benefits don’t stop there. Add a scoop to smoothies with a spoonful of your favourite nut butter. Stir into porridge or mix it into pancakes. Make a masterpiece with home-baked muffins, brownies or flapjacks. Keep it simple and just add water or milk. The options are endless. Choose from classic Vanilla, Chocolate, Strawberry or Banana flavours, or dare to be different with Salted Caramel or Chocolate Cookies. So what’s inside? The clue is in the title. All the essentials you need in a simple-to-use food supplement. With at least 19g protein, 9g essential amino acids (EAA), less than 1.5g fat and less than 133 calories per serving, this is a high-quality European whey protein with a low price tag. \ Purpose Essential Whey Protein is a great choice if you’re looking to increase your protein intake, particularly as part of a healthy and balanced lifestyle. Our formula has been carefully created to give you a cost-effective alternative to other whey proteins. \ Benefits High protein At least 19g protein packed into every serving. Impressive amino acid profile With 9g essential amino acids. Full of flavour Choose from a range of delicious flavours. Smooth texture Instantised with sunflower lecithin for a silky smooth shake. Healthy lifestyle A great choice to increase protein intake, particularly as part of a healthy lifestyle. Morning, noon or night A protein-packed food supplement that can be enjoyed anytime. Easy on the wallet Quality whey protein at an extraordinary price. Directions Directions Just add 1 heaped scoop (35g) to 200ml of cold water and shake well. We recommend 1-3 servings per day, but in accordance with your own protein requirements. You could enjoy a shake in the morning, mix into a smoothie or stir into porridge. Suitable any time of day to increase your protein intake, particularly as part of a healthy lifestyle. \ Related Products As part of a healthy and balanced lifestyle, why not try a protein-packed smoothie and combine Essential Whey Protein with some of your favourite ingredients. Our Peanut Butter, Chia Seeds and Ultra Fine Oats blend beautifully. If you fancy something different, try our super-powered Complete Greens™ or Complete Fruits™. Or, if you're looking for a whey alternative, try our Beef Protein Isolate. Ready to get creative? Take a look at our protein recipes for ideas and inspiration. Need a pre-workout boost to kickstart your session? Check out our Dope Pre-Workout. If you are looking for another pre-workout, browse through our full range. Looking for more whey protein products? Check out our Pure Whey Isolate™, Pure Whey Protein™ and Natural Pure Whey Protein™. Ingredients Ingredients Whey Protein Concentrate (Milk), Thickeners (Xanthan Gum, Guar Gum), Flavouring, Emulsifier (Sunflower Lecithin), Sweetener (Sucralose). \ Suitable For Halal,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice For allergens, see ingredients in bold. May contain soya, cereals containing gluten, mustard, sesame seeds, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a dry cool place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g per serving (35g) Energy kJ/kcal 1591/376 557/132 Fat of which saturates 3.6g 2.8g 1.3g 1.0g Carbohydrate of which sugars 26g 21g 9.1g 7.4g Fibre 1.4g 0.5g Protein 59g 21g Salt 0.80g 0.28g typeId recently-viewed count 6