plchczseatdkeudeitukfresnlieptro Diet Noodles Price Regular Price: £4.49 Final Price: £1.12 Save £3.37 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Size 200g 6x200g Description Diet Noodles What are Diet Noodles? If you’re trying to keep carbohydrate intake low, chances are your plate looks a little empty with just some protein and vegetables on it. Diet Noodles not only help to fill up your plate but they also help to fill you up! The difference is that unlike normal noodles/pasta, Diet Noodles contain 0g carbohydrate and 0g fat per 100g. They are fundamentally low calorie noodles made from Glucomannan (also referred to as Konjac) is form of water soluble fibre, which is becoming increasingly popular. Why Buy Diet Noodles Diet Noodles are an ideal low calorie addition to meals. Being rich in Glucomannan, Diet Noodles are ideal to help you feel full throughout the day. Diet Noodles also have the advantage of being lower in calories, and fat compared to regular noodles. Who are Diet Noodles suitable for? Diet Noodles are ideal for anyone following an energy restricted diet, or those who want to lose a few lbs before a competition for example. They would also be a smart choice for anyone who is trying to manage their cholesterol levels as 4g of glucomannan per day contributes to the maintenance of normal blood cholesterol levels. \ Purpose Our Diet Pasta is the perfect low calorie addition to meals. Providing 2.3g of glucomannan per 100g and lower in calories, carbohydrates and fat compared to regular pasta, Diet Pasta is ideal for anyone wanting to feel fuller throughout the day on an energy restricted diet. Ready in 1 minute, it’s versatility means it can be used as a low calorie side dish with chicken or fish, or even added to soups and stir fries. \ Benefits - Diet Noodles contains Glucomannan which contributes to weight loss in the context of an energy restricted diet. The beneficial effect is obtained with a daily intake of diet noodles in 3 doses of 44g each, taken with 1-2 glasses of water before meals. - Contributes to normal blood cholesterol levels: Glucomannan contributes to the maintenance of normal blood cholesterol levels. The beneficial effect is obtained with a daily intake of 4g of glucomannan. - Versatile product that can be added to soups or a stir fry. Directions Directions 1. Drain away excess fluid and rinse 2-3 times. 2. Leave in hot water for 1 minute. 3. Drain (pat dry extra moisture with a paper towel). 4. Add to stir fry, soups and salads. WARNING: Consume with adequate fluid intake. There is a risk of choking for people with swallowing difficulties or when ingesting with inadequate fluid intake. Ingredients Ingredients Water, Konjac Flour (3%), Acidity regulator (Citric Acid). \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Refrigerate once opened and use within 3 days. Do not freeze. \ Advisory Information Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g Energy kJ/kcal 43/10 Fat of which saturates 0g 0g Carbohydrate of which sugars 1.2g 0g Fibre 2.8g Protein 0g Salt 0.05g typeId recently-viewed count 6