atchczdedkeseuiefritnlplptroseuk Broccoli Powder Price Regular Price: £19.99 Final Price: £10.99 Save £9.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Size 500g Description Broccoli Powder All the goodness of broccoli, provided in a fine powder form, creating a nutrient rich, high fibre ingredient that’s perfect for adding to smoothies. Made only from fresh, whole broccoli, our unique low temperature dehydration process means that our Broccoli Powder has all the goodness of fresh broccoli. High in fibre, it can be used for cooking, baking, or added to homemade smoothies to increase the nutritional content. Our high-quality, pure Broccoli Powder is derived entirely from both the stalks and florets of fresh broccoli, and is manufactured via a low temperature dehydration process that maintains the nutritional integrity of the broccoli. It’s also packed with an impressive 32g of fibre per 100g. \ Purpose Our Broccoli Powder is perfect for anyone looking for a concentrated form of broccoli to add to their diet, and is especially suitable for adding to homemade smoothies for extra nutritional content. \ Benefits Highly Soluble Finely ground powder makes it easy to mix into drinks. Made for Mixing Ideal for blending into your favourite smoothies. High in Fibre 32g of fibre per 100g makes it a great source of fibre. 100% Natural Made only from the stalk and florets of fresh broccoli. Directions Directions Mix 3 scoops (approximately 10g) with 150-200ml water or use in homemade smoothies and juices. \ Related Products Broccoli Powder combines well with Protein Powders. Looking for a green supplement with a diverse mix of nutrients like Spirulina, Chlorella, and more? Try our Complete Greens.For a nutrient-packed superfood to add to your shakes? Try our Chia Seeds. If you are looking for other ways to support your immune system, check out our full range of multivitamins. Ingredients Ingredients Broccoli powder. \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain milk, soya, cereals containing gluten, mustard, sesame seeds, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a dry cool place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g per serving (10g) Energy kJ/kcal 1179/281 119/29 Fat of which saturates 0.6g 0.1g 0.1g 0g Carbohydrate of which sugars 37g 34g 3.7g 3.4g Fibre 32g 3.2g Protein 16g 1.6g Salt 0.93g 0.09g typeId recently-viewed count 6