ateseuptdkchczfrnlukdeseitieropl Sunflower Seeds Price Regular Price: £3.99 Final Price: £3.39 Save £0.60 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Size 500g Description Sunflower Seeds High quality, sunflower seeds and nothing else. A great natural energy source and an easy way to up your nutritional intake. Sourced from the fruit of the sunflower, our delicious Sunflower Seeds are a great natural energy boosting snack, as well as being an excellent source of protein. Our Sunflower Seeds are the perfect, ultra-convenient snack for any time of day. Delicious and packed with 21g protein per 100g. \ Purpose Our delicious Sunflower Seeds are ideal for anyone looking for a healthy and nutritious snack. Super versatile, they can be eaten in almost anything – try adding them to a salad for some extra crunch. \ Benefits Natural Nutrition 100% sunflower seeds and nothing else, so you get all the nutrients with no additives or fillers. Source of protein With 21g of protein per 100g, our Sunflower Seeds are an easy way to add extra protein into your diet. Directions Directions Great in porridge and granola or eaten as a snack. \ Related Products Sunflower Seeds are extremely versatile. Mix them into a salad, lightly toast them, or even create a simple sunflower seed granola along with Peanut Butter Ingredients Ingredients Sunflower Seeds (Hulled). \ Suitable For Vegetarian,Halal,Vegan \ Allergen advice May contain milk, eggs, soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a dry cool place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g Energy kJ/kcal 2815/660 Fat of which saturates 60g 7.0g Carbohydrate of which sugars 4.5g 2.6g Fibre 8.9g Protein 21g Salt 0g typeId recently-viewed count 6