ptdkatitchnlukdeieroessefrczeu Activated Charcoal Capsules Price Regular Price: £9.99 Final Price: £7.49 Save £2.50 Clearance Sale: Now or never QTY 60 Capsules Description Activated Charcoal Capsules High quality activated charcoal in an easy-to-swallow capsule form, providing 280mg per capsule. Activated charcoal is a form of charcoal that’s been ground into a fine powder. It’s an insoluble fibre, has a very large surface area, and is typically taken to aid digestion. Our Activated Charcoal Capsules provide an impressive 280mg of activated charcoal in a convenient capsule form. \ Purpose Our Activated Charcoal Capsules are a great product for anyone looking for a high quality activated charcoal supplement in an easy-to-swallow form. Due to how activated charcoal functions in the body, we recommend taking 2 capsules 3-4 hours before and after meals. \ Benefits Daily Dose Take daily for constant support. Incredible Value Premium activated charcoal at an ultra low price. Directions Directions Take 2 capsules, 3 times daily and ideally 3-4 hours before and after meals. \ Related Products Activated Charcoal Capsules 280mg would go well with any Protein Supplement as well as products such as Psyllium Husks, Complete Greens™ and Broccoli Powder. Ingredients Ingredients Activated Charcoal, Bulking Agent (Microcrystalline Cellulose), Capsule (Gelatin). \ Suitable For Halal \ Allergen advice May contain soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (6 capsules) Activated Charcoal 1680 mg typeId recently-viewed count 6