plczesatdeieeudkfritptnlseukchro Brown Rice Protein Price Regular Price: £11.99 Final Price: £7.99 Save £4.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Size 500g 1kg 2.5kg Description Brown Rice Protein Our super-soluble Brown Rice Protein is one of the best plant-based protein sources. If you’re looking to add more protein to your healthy and balanced lifestyle, this is an ideal choice. What’s even better? There are so many ways to make it your own. Add to fresh greens in a spinach quiche, bake into vegan biscuits, shake into smoothies or simply add milk or water. It’s unflavoured, so the culinary options are endless. Brown Rice Protein is a complete protein source with a comprehensive amino acid profile. It has an impressive 80% protein content, packing 24g protein into every serving. It’s also low in fat (1.1g per serving), contains no sugar and just 112 calories per serving. Did you know? Some amino acids are difficult to obtain on a plant-based diet. As a complete protein source, Brown Rice Protein contains all the essential amino acids your body needs. It’s also one of the most digestible. As far as vegan protein sources go, it doesn’t get much better than this. \ Purpose Our Brown Rice Protein is the perfect plant-protein supplement to support your healthy, balanced lifestyle. It’s particularly ideal if you’re looking to reduce your meat and dairy consumption without cutting your protein intake. \ Benefits High protein 24g protein packed into every serving. No sugar and low fat Zero sugar and 1.1g fat per serving. Comprehensive amino acid profile All the essential amino acids to support a vegan lifestyle. Made for mixing Unflavoured, so you can mix into your favourite shakes. Healthy lifestyle A great choice to increase protein intake, particularly as part of a healthy lifestyle. Morning, noon or night A protein-packed food supplement that can be enjoyed anytime. Directions Directions Mix 1 scoop (approximately 30g) Brown Rice Protein with 250ml water in a shaker bottle. We recommend 1-3 servings per day, but in accordance with your own protein requirements. You could enjoy a shake in the morning, mix into a smoothie or stir into porridge. Suitable any time of day to increase your protein intake, particularly as part of a healthy lifestyle. \ Related Products As part of a healthy and balanced lifestyle, why not try a protein-packed smoothie and combine Brown Rice Protein with some of your favourite ingredients. Our Peanut Butter, Chia Seeds and Ultra Fine Oats blend beautifully. If you fancy something different, try our super-powered Complete Greens™ or Complete Fruits™. Ready to get creative? Take a look at our protein recipes for ideas and inspiration. Looking for more vegan protein powder products? Check out our Vegan Protein Powder, Pea Protein Isolate and Soya Protein Isolate. For a vegan protein snack on the go, try our Vegan Protein Brownie. Ingredients Ingredients Brown Rice Protein. \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain milk, soya, cereals containing gluten, mustard, sesame seeds, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a dry cool place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g per serving (30g) Energy kJ/kcal 1585/374 475/112 Fat of which saturates 3.5g 1.1g 1.1g 0.3g Carbohydrate of which sugars 3.8g 0.1g 1.1g 0g Fibre 3.8g 1.1g Protein 80g 24g Salt 0.53g 0.16g typeId recently-viewed count 6