platptsechczieesnleuukitderofrdk D Aspartic Acid Price Regular Price: £12.99 Final Price: £3.24 Save £9.75 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Size 100g 500g Description D Aspartic Acid 100% pure D aspartic acid powder at an exceptional price, providing a convenient way to supplement your body’s intake of aspartic acid amino acid. D aspartic acid is the D-form of the amino acid aspartic acid, produced naturally in the body from the non-essential amino acid l-aspartic acid. D aspartic acid is particularly popular among male strength athletes and bodybuilders, and our D Aspartic Acid provides an easy way to add extra D aspartic acid into your diet. D aspartic acid is found throughout the human body in high concentrations in areas where hormone production takes place. The hypothalamus, pituitary gland and testes all have high concentrations of D aspartic acid. \ Purpose D aspartic acid powder is ideal if you want to supplement your diet with additional D aspartic acid. It’s a particularly popular supplement for male bodybuilders and strength athletes. \ Benefits Made for Mixing Ideal for mixing with your favourite shakes and smoothies. Do It Yourself An ideal ingredient if you’re making your own personal supplement formula. Incredible Value 100% pure D aspartic acid powder at a great price. Directions Directions Mix 1 slightly heaped scoop (approximately 3g) with 50ml water in a Bulk™ Shaker Bottle, either in the morning or before bed. We suggest using D-Aspartic Acid powder for 4-8 weeks at a time, then discontinuing use for 4-8 weeks before commencing another cycle. This will prevent your body from becoming too acclimatised to D-Aspartic Acid and ensure optimal results. Consume 1 serving per day. \ Related Products D-Aspartic Acid is commonly combined with OptiZinc Tablets. Looking for more? Check out our D Aspartic Acid capsules. Ingredients Ingredients D-Aspartic Acid. \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain milk, soya, cereals containing gluten, mustard, sesame seeds, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a dry cool place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (3 g) D Aspartic Acid 3000mg typeId recently-viewed count 6