plchczseatdkeudeitukfresnlieptro Collagen Coffee Price Regular Price: £22.99 Final Price: £17.99 Save £5.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Iced Latte Black Coffee Caramel Latte Mocha Vanilla Latte Chocolate Hazelnut Mocha Size 500g 1kg Description Collagen Coffee You love coffee. You have protein goals to hit. You can combine the two. Enter our instant Collagen Coffee drink. Combining single-origin Arabica coffee and hydrolysed collagen peptides to create convenience in a cup. You’ll find up to 19g protein and 168mg caffeine in a single 25g serving (based on Black Coffee). Too good to be true? Absolutely not. And if that’s not enough, we’ve carefully selected the collagen proteins to provide a protein-packed coffee with no compromise on flavour. Our Collagen Coffee uses hydrolysed collagen peptides composed of types 1 and 3 collagen, which have a neutral flavour and blend well at both high and low temperatures. Whether it’s your morning wake-up, afternoon pick-me-up or pre-workout hit-me-up, this one’s set to impress. Love chocolate too? Try our Collagen Mocha, which packs in a punchy 19g protein per serving and compliments the coffee flavour with rich chocolatey notes. Need to cool down? Try our Collagen Iced Latte as an ice-cold refreshment during the warm summer months. \ Purpose If you’re looking to combine your daily coffee with a handy protein hit, our Collagen Coffee is just for you. The same great aroma and flavour, at least 18g protein per cup and a lower price tag than your average high street cup of coffee. Unfortunately, due to the sourcing of the collagen, our Collagen Coffee is not suitable for those on a vegan or vegetarian diet. \ Benefits High Protein Provides up to 20g protein per serving. Great tasting coffee in an instant Just add hot water (or cold if you choose Iced Latte flavour) and serve. Enjoy anytime You choose when. Easy to mix Made with collagen that blends well at high and low temperatures. Single-origin Arabica coffee No compromise on flavour. Directions Directions Black Coffee, Mocha, Caramel Latte, Vanilla Latte, Chocolate Hazelnut Mocha and Honey & Almond Coffee flavours Add one scoop (approximately 25g) to your favourite coffee mug. Add 200ml hot water, stir and enjoy. Do not shake. Use 1-2 servings per day. Iced Latte Flavour Mix 1 scoop (approximately 25g) with 200ml cold water and shake well. We recommend using 1-2 servings per day. WARNING: Contains caffeine. Not recommended for children or pregnant women (180-336 mg per 2 servings). \ Related Products Depending on your individual goals, our Collagen Coffee partners perfectly with a High Protein Cookie or MACRO MUNCH Protein Bar. Alternatively, it can be combined with vitamin C to support normal collagen formation*. * Vitamin C contributes to normal collagen formation for the normal function of bones. Looking for more collagen products? Check out our collagen protein powders. Enjoying your daily Collagen Coffee? Add our Electrolyte Powder to your morning routine. Or prefer our Complete Hydration Drink for hydration and energy? To sweeten your coffee without the calories, try our Zero Calorie Syrup. Looking for a protein-packed boost? Explore our full range of protein powders to support your fitness goals. Ingredients Ingredients Hydrolysed Collagen (Bovine), Instant Coffee, Medium Chain Triglycerides (MCT) Powder. \ Suitable For Halal \ Allergen advice May contain milk, soya, cereals containing gluten, mustard, sesame seeds, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a dry cool place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g per serving (25g) Energy kJ/kcal 1591/376 398/94 Fat of which saturates 4.1g 3.8g 1.0g 1.0g Carbohydrate of which sugars 9.4g 0g 2.4g 0.0g Fibre 2.7g 0.7g Protein 74g 18g Salt 1.03g 0.26g \ Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (25g) Caffeine 168mg Collagen 20g typeId recently-viewed count 6