pldkdechczieeuronlfrptitseukatesnl Conjugated Linoleic Acid Softgels Price Regular Price: £26.99 Final Price: £18.99 Save £8.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required QTY 270 Softgels Description Conjugated Linoleic Acid Softgels A potent dose of the omega 6 fatty acid linoleic acid in a convenient softgel form, providing 80% active isomers including c9t11 and c10t12. Conjugated linoleic acid, or CLA, is a modified form of the omega 6 fatty acid linoleic acid, a natural fatty acid that cannot be produced by the body. These 800mg softgels provide you with a potent dose of CLA to supplement your diet and ensure you’re getting the nutrition you need. CLA has a general structure of polyunsaturated linoleic acid, containing a mixture of fatty acid isomers. Our CLA Softgels contain 80% active isomers, specifically 370mg of c9t11 and 370mg of c10t12, providing an easy way to supplement your required dose of CLA in a convenient softgel capsule. \ Purpose Our Conjugated Linoleic Acid (CLA) Softgels are an ideal supplement for anyone who wants a convenient, accurately dosed source of CLA with minimal hassle. \ Benefits Optimal Doses Dosed to optimal levels to provide the nutrition you need. Incredible Value High quality CLA at an incredible price. Directions Directions Take 2 softgels per serving, ideally with food. Use 3 servings daily. \ Related Products CLA is commonly taken with Super Strength Green Tea Capsules, Caffeine Tablets, and weight loss shakes. You may also be interested in our CLA powder. Ingredients Ingredients Safflower Oil (80% Conjugated Linoleic Acid), Softgel (Gelatin, Glycerol, Purified Water). \ Allergen advice May contain soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (6 Softgels) Conjugated Linoleic Acid (CLA) 4800 mg typeId recently-viewed count 6