plczesatdeieeudkfritptnlseukchro Glutamine Powder - Apple & Lime 500g Price Regular Price: £21.99 Final Price: £4.99 Save £17.00 Clearance Sale: Now or never Description Glutamine Powder - Apple & Lime 500g 100% pure glutamine powder, containing 5g of l-glutamine in a single 5g serving in unflavoured variant, providing your body with an essential amino acid in an easy, mixable form. Glutamine is the most abundant amino acid found in muscle, and a conditionally essential amino acid. Basically, that means that the body can synthesise it naturally, but your body’s levels of glutamine sometimes deplete faster than they can be replenished, such as during strenuous exercise. Our glutamine powder provides an easy, mixable form of l-glutamine for you to enjoy post-workout as part of your regular nutritional intake. \ Purpose Our glutamine powder is for anyone who wants to ensure their body has optimum glutamine levels during the most vital periods, immediately after an intense workout session. Take a single serving after every workout, either on its own or mixed in with your favourite shake. \ Benefits Replenish Glutamine Levels Ideally taken after every workout to maintain glutamine levels. Made for Mixing Available unflavoured so you can mix it in with your favourite shakes. Incredible Value 100% purity at an incredible price. Directions Directions Mix 1 heaped scoop (approximately 5 g) with 200 ml water or add to a protein shake. Take 1-3 servings daily. \ Related Products Glutamine is complementary to many other products, ranging from other amino acids such as Instantised BCAA to other products such as Complete All in One™, Pure Whey Protein™ and Complete T-Booster™****. Ingredients Ingredients L-Glutamine, Flavouring, Acid (Citric Acid), Sweetener (Sucralose), Colour (Copper Chlorophyllin). \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain milk, eggs, soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (5 g) Glutamine 4g typeId recently-viewed count 6