atchczdedkeseuiefritnlplptroseuk Chia category foods/chia Chia has grown in popularity due to its fantastic nutritional content. It is high in protein, fatty acids and fibre, plus it is a great source of vitamins and minerals too. Our Chia products offer unbeatable value for money – so if you’re looking to boost nutritional content of other meals such as porridge or shakes, Chia makes an excellent choice. If you love adding Chia to shakes, check out our Breakfast Smoothie. Prefer pancakes in the morning? Add Chia to our Protein Pancake Mix, also available in a plant-based version. Or, if you want to support your immune system, combine it with Complete Greens. Chia Seeds FAQS What are chia seeds? Chia seeds are small, edible seeds that come from the Salvia hispanica plant, a close relative of mint. Originally a staple food in ancient Mayan and Aztec societies, Chia seeds have gained popularity in recent years as an organic superfood, rich in fibre, protein and a wealth of other essential nutrients. They’re typically sold as whole seeds, but also come in powder form. What are the nutritional benefits of chia seeds? Chia seeds are packed with nutrition, but most of all they’re known for their high fibre and protein content. Their carb content is primarily non-digestible fibre, meaning they provide great digestive support with minimal carb calories. Are chia seeds healthy? Chia seeds are a very healthy grain, making them an ideal staple to use as a base for your meals, much like quinoa, brown rice, or couscous. If you’re someone who often struggles to get their daily intake of dietary fibre, or if you’re on a vegan or vegetarian diet, Chia seeds are an ideal food to round out your nutritional intake and ensure your body is well nourished. Can you use chia seeds to cook? You sure can. A lot of people choose to use Chia seeds to add extra nutrition to foods like oats, yoghurt and cereal, but there are all sorts of recipes available for cooking with chia seeds – even baked foods like cookies. You can also use them to make a delicious, nutrient-rich pudding. Is it OK to eat chia seeds every day? Of course, a healthy diet includes a variety of food sources, so you should always try to vary your dietary intake and not eat the same foods every day. But as a natural grain that’s rich in nutrients and fibre, Chia is a perfectly fine food to eat daily, in moderation. Just remember to mix things up and eat a varied diet as much as possible. How do you eat chia seeds? Chia seeds can be eaten in a variety of ways. They’re most popular served as a dessert made from Chia seeds, a non-dairy milk alternative and some natural flavouring such as maple syrup or honey, but a wide variety of recipes and serving options exist if you want to experiment with cooking or baking with Chia seeds. How can you incorporate chia seeds to your diet? Because they’re a small, simple grain, Chia seeds can be easily incorporated into your daily diet as a sprinkling or topping. It’s great to add on top of your cereal, porridge or yoghurt in the mornings, and can even be blended in with salads and dips. What minerals are in chia seeds? Chia seeds are rich in a wide range of minerals that are essential for your body’s healthy daily function. Some of the minerals found in high quantities in Chia seeds include manganese, phosphorus, selenium, copper, iron, magnesium, and calcium. It’s this high mineral content that makes them an ideal nutritional source for anyone on a vegan or vegetarian diet. Style plp-secondary-info RELATED CATEGORIES Healthy foods Bars & flapjacks Baking ingredients Beef protein snacks High protein breakfast foods Cheat foods Drinks & beverages Coconut supplements Dried fruit snacks Style lozenge-list