czatnlcheuiedeitfrrosedkptukespl Egg Whites category foods/egg-whites Egg Whites are a source of almost pure protein. Not long ago, it used to be a case of having to break egg shells and separate yolks in order to create pure Egg Whites. Now, simply buy them by the bottle and use them to make omelettes, scrambled eggs, or for general baking. You might be surprised to hear it, but Bulk™ Egg Whites are cheaper than buying eggs from the supermarket too – and without all the hassle. Protein FAQS What are the benefits of taking egg protein products? Egg protein contains all essential amino acids, which cannot be produced by the body. These can help contribute to the growth and maintenance of muscle mass and can also assist with post-workout recovery. Are eggs high in protein? Eggs contain between 5g and 7g of protein depending on their size, making them a high protein food. They are also a complete protein, containing every essential amino acid. Is egg protein better than whey protein? Egg white protein is widely considered the gold standard of protein, given that it has an 80% protein calorie content, is completely bioavailable and free from lactose. However, it can be difficult to consume on its own and should generally be mixed into other shakes. Whey protein, on the other hand, can be consumed on its own as a shake, and is also a complete protein. However, it does contain lactose. Can you make a protein shake with eggs? Adding a raw egg to a protein shake will increase its protein content. We would recommend using pasteurised liquid egg whites, or egg white powder. What different egg protein products are available at Bulk? At Bulk we offer a range of egg protein products - Liquid Egg Whites and Egg White Powder being the most popular. Products containing egg protein such as our Mass Gainer, Diet Protein Powder and Chia Seed Muffin Mix are also available. Style plp-secondary-info Related Categories Vegan protein Protein collagen Protein shakes High protein foods Whey protein shakes Protein bars Gluten free protein powders Style lozenge-list