czeuptieplatesdechitnlserofrukdk Nut Butters category foods/nut-butters Consumption of Nut Butters is increasing across the world. Not only do they taste great, but more and more people are realising the benefits of including them in their diet. Bulk™ offers an unrivalled range of Nut Butters – with completely pure and natural Nut Butters with no salt, sugar, palm oil or preservatives. Nowhere else offers this variety, let alone at these incredibly low prices. Discover our range of nut butters, including our popular Peanut Butter and Hazelnut Butter. Nut Butters FAQS What is nut butter? Nut butters are basically any kind of food spread made from processed nuts, such as peanuts, hazelnuts, pecans, pistachios and cashews. Nuts are naturally high in healthy fats, so when you process them in a blender, you get a rich, smooth paste which is great for adding to protein shakes, eating in sandwiches, or for using in any number of recipes. What are the benefits of nut butter? Nearly all of our nut butters are made from 100% nuts, meaning the benefits of nut butters are much the same as the nuts they’re made from. They’re rich in nutrition, particularly healthy fats and protein, making them great for anyone on a mass gaining programme, and because they’re processed into a butter, they’re easy to add to other recipes for added nutrition. Which nut butter is healthiest? As long as a nut butter has a high nut content with minimal added ingredients, it will have a healthy nutritional profile, but all nut butters are healthy provided they are eaten in moderation. Their high fat and protein content make them especially popular among weightlifters and other athletes who need to gain weight and promote muscle growth. For the same reason, if you’re trying to lose weight, it’s probably wise to avoid eating too many nut butters. Is nut butter a good source of protein? Nuts are some of the best natural sources of protein for vegan and vegetarian athletes. 100g of raw peanuts, for example, provides 26g of protein, putting it on a similar par to beef or chicken. The only thing you should remember is that a lot of nuts are also high in fats, so you should keep this in mind if you’re thinking of using them as a primary protein source. However, if you're looking for a nutty high source of protein for less calories, we recommend checking out our range of peanut protein powders. Can you eat nut butter every day? Nut butters have been a popular food staple for decades, used for sandwiches, baking recipes and other culinary uses. In this sense, there’s no reason you couldn’t eat them every day. The only thing you should remember is that nut butters have a high fat content – so it might be unwise to consume them every day, depending on what your training goals are. Which nut butter has the most protein? All of the nut butters bulk® sells are intended for use by athletes and trainers, so they all have an impressive protein content. If pure protein is your concern, stick to the pure nut butters, the majority of which provide over 20g of protein per 100g. As for the absolute best, check out our pure, crunchy peanut butter, which provides an impressive 28g of protein in a 100g measure. How do nut butters taste? Our pure nut butters are, well, pure, with no added ingredients, so they taste exactly the same as their original counterparts – just smoother. We also sell a variety of nut butters blended with cocoa powder for a more chocolatey flavour, in case pure nut flavour isn’t quite your thing. What is the shelf life of nut butters? Nut butters, like raw nuts, typically have a very long shelf life. As a general rule, most nut butters will have a shelf life of 12 months after their production date, but you should check the individual labels of any nut butters you have for a more precise Best Before date. Some nut butters separate over time, meaning you’ll sometimes open them and find a layer of oil on top – this is natural. Just stir the butter back in and enjoy. Style plp-secondary-info RELATED CATEGORIES Peanut spreads Almond butters Cashew butters Hazelnut butters Pistachio butters Style lozenge-list