chczptplatdedkfreuieesnlukitsero MOBILISE™ Price Regular Price: £39.99 Final Price: £27.99 Save £12.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required QTY 180 Capsules Description MOBILISE™ The most advanced joint support formula from bulk™, packed with 11 popular ingredients including vitamin C, manganese, copper, iron, and ginger extract, dosed at effective levels to cover every base. Lab tested for banned substances and approved for professional athletes. If you don’t love it, we’ll give you your money back. Our Mobilise™ joint support goes further than any other joint support supplement, combining an incredible range of 11 unique ingredients in an optimal blend to cover every single base when it comes to joint support. The result is a joint support supplement that’s researched, revised and ready for athletes of all levels, right up to the professionals. Mobilise™ contains 11 ingredients that combine to provide comprehensive joint support. A total of 3.9g of active ingredients combine to provide comprehensive nutrition for cartilage, bones, collagen and connective tissue, providing protection, and aiding repair processes. Glucosamine Sulphate An amino sugar that naturally occurs in the body as well as a popular nutritional supplement. Methylsulfonylmethane (MSM) An organosulphur compound found naturally in humans, animals and plants. MSM is typically found in the fluid around your joints. Ginger (Zingiberis Officinale Rhizome Extract 20:1) Ginger has been consumed all around the world for thousands of years, but has also garnered considerable interest as an anti-inflammatory agent. Ginger may help to manage inflammatory responses in the body, as well as promote your body’s normal balance of prostaglandins, inflammatory hormones. Chondroitin Sulphate A sulphated glycosaminoglycan which forms a structural component of cartilage. Chondroitin sulphate is effectively absorbed as it passes through the gastrointestinal tract, eventually finding its way to synovial fluid and cartilage. Vitamin C One of your body’s most essential nutrients, vitamin C contributes to the normal formation of collagen, as well as normal function of bones and cartilage. We added a 200mg dose of vitamin C to Mobilise™ to maintain the body’s immune system during and after intense physical exercise. Turmeric Extract (Curcuma Longa 95% Curcuminoids) Turmeric has been used for centuries as a culinary ingredient as well as an Ayurvedic medicine. Mobilise™ features a potent extract, standardised to content 95% curcuminoids, the highest concentration currently available on the market. Curcumin may help to manage inflammatory responses in the body, making it an ideal addition to Mobilise™. Hyaluronic Acid A naturally-produced gel-like fluid that fills the space in your joints, acting as a cushioning agent. Hyaluronic acid’s main function is binding with water to lubricate your body’s moving parts such as joints and muscles. Iron An essential mineral that plays many roles in the body, including contributing to normal oxygen transport and supporting the process of cell division. BioPerine® BioPerine® is a natural thermonutrient that’s extracted from the Piper nigrum L plant (black pepper). We added 5mg to each serving to increase the absorption rate of all other ingredients. Manganese Another essential mineral, manganese contributes to the maintenance of normal bones, connective tissue formation and cell protection from oxidative stress, three essential features for any joint-support focused product. Copper The final ingredient in Mobilise™, copper is another essential mineral that contributes to maintenance of connective tissue, cell protection from oxidative stress and normal transport of iron within the body. \ Purpose Mobilise™ is the ultimate supplement for committed athletes for whom joint-support is a major priority, especially endurance and strength athletes who place their bodies under intense pressure. As part of our bulk™PRO series of supplements, Mobilise™ is designed for professional athletes and serious trainers. It’s produced to the highest standards using ingredients from industry-leading manufacturers, and every batch is tested for banned substances in an ISO 17025 accredited laboratory under the renowned Informed Sport programme. \ Benefits Lab Tested and Approved for Athletes Tested for banned substances in an ISO 17025 accredited laboratory under the Informed Sport programme. Combined Action Provides a comprehensive blend of nutritional supplements to provide the best results. Optimal Doses Every ingredient is dosed to optimal levels, some higher than any competing product. Next Level Nutrition Packed with an incredible 11 essential nutrients, many at higher doses than most competing products. Directions Directions Take 6 capsules spaced evenly throughout the day, ideally with food. For example, you could take 2 capsules with breakfast, lunch and dinner. \ Related Products Take 6 capsules spaced evenly throughout the day, ideally with food. For example, you could take 2 capsules with breakfast, lunch and dinner. Related Products: Mobilise™ is a comprehensive, market-leading Joint support formula. It can also be taken with other products from our range including Cissus Quadrangularis and Prom3ga™. Ingredients Ingredients Glucosamine Sulphate Potassium Chloride (2KCl) (Crustaceans), Methylsulphonylmethane (MSM), Capsule Shell (Hydroxypropyl Methyl Cellulose), Chondroitin Sulphate Sodium (Fish), Bulking Agent (Microcrystalline Cellulose), Vitamin C (L-Ascorbic Acid), Hyaluronic Acid Sodium, Turmeric Extract (95% Curcuminoids), Anti-Caking Agents (Magnesium Stearate, Silicon Dioxide), Ginger (Zingiberis rhizoma) Extract 20:1, Iron (Ferrous Fumarate), Manganese (Manganese Sulphate), Black Pepper Extract (95% Piperine) (BioPerine®), Copper (Copper Sulphate). \ Suitable For Halal \ Allergen advice For allergens, see ingredients in bold. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Close box after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (6 capsules) Reference Intake of an average adult (%) Glucosamine Sulphate 1200 mg (providing Glucosamine 942 mg) Methylsulphonylmethane (MSM) 800 mg Chondroitin Sulphate 500 mg Vitamin C 200 mg 250 Turmeric Extract (95% Curcuminoids) 150 mg Hyaluronic Acid 150 mg Ginger Extract 37.5 mg (750 g root equivalent) Iron 7 mg 50 Black Pepper Extract (95% Piperine) 5 mg Manganese 2 mg 100 Copper 1 mg 100 typeId recently-viewed count 6