plczesatdeieeudkfritptnlseukchro Citrulline Malate Price Regular Price: £11.99 Final Price: £2.99 Save £9.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Size 100g 500g 1kg Description Citrulline Malate High quality citrulline malate in a premium 2:1 form, performing a key role in the urea cycle. Derived from citrulline, citrulline malate is a popular ingredient in pre-workout formulas, often combined with alanine and beta alanine. Our Citrulline Malate powder offers an easy way to mix citrulline malate into your regular pre-workout formula, or integrate into your DIY personal blend. Citrulline can be found in some foods, such as watermelon, but your dietary intake is typically low. Our Citrulline Malate powder is an easy way to up your daily intake, offered in a 2:1 form at an incredible price. Citrulline malate plays a vital role in the urea cycle, one of your body’s vital processes. \ Purpose Our Citrulline Malate powder is perfect for anyone looking to add citrulline malate to their pre-workout drinks, and gives you the flexibility to dose your pre-workout drink exactly the way you want. If you’re an experienced trainer who likes to create their own formulas, this is a perfect ingredient for pre-workouts. \ Benefits Do It Yourself A perfect ingredient for DIY pre-workout formulas. Incredible Value High purity nutrition at a low price. Made for Mixing Unflavoured, so you can mix it with your favourite flavours. Perfect Pre-Workout Citrulline malate is a popular inclusion in pre-workout drinks. Directions Directions Mix 1 heaped scoop (approximately 3g) with 200ml water. Consume 30 minutes pre-training, 1-3 servings per day. \ Related Products Citrulline Malate is commonly taken alongside other pre-workout ingredients, such as Beta Alanine and AAKG. Ingredients Ingredients Citrulline Malate 2:1 \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain milk, eggs, soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a dry cool place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (3 g) Citrulline Malate 3g typeId recently-viewed count 6