atchczdedkeseuiefritnlplptroseukeu Dark Chocolate Almond Butter Price Regular Price: £12.99 Final Price: £12.49 Save £0.50 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Size 500g Description Dark Chocolate Almond Butter High quality, dark chocolate roasted almond butter, manufactured exclusively for Bulk™ Full of flavour and perfect for bulking up. Our Dark Chocolate Roasted Almond Butter uses high quality almonds mixed with delicious premium cocoa mass, with no added preservatives. Loaded with 49g of fat per 100g, it’s an ideal option for any mass gain programme. This roasted almond butter uses carefully selected almonds of the highest quality, combined with premium dark chocolate. Each batch packs an impressive 606kcal per 100g, including 17g of protein. \ Purpose Our Dark Chocolate Roasted Almond Butter is ideal if you’re looking to bulk up quickly and effectively thanks to its fat content. A delicious artisan alternative to supermarket chocolate spreads, Dark Chocolate Roasted Almond Butter is a nutritious and versatile product that can be enjoyed on its own or added to other shakes to increase calorie content and improve taste. \ Benefits Built for Bulking Load up on calories with minimal hassle: 606kcal per 100g. Full of Flavour A delicious alternative to supermarket chocolate spreads. All-Rounder Mix it in with your shakes or add it to a sandwich to add nutritional value. Directions Directions Great in smoothies, shakes and porridge or eaten straight off the spoon. Note: This nut butter might separate over time which is completely natural. If this happens just give it a stir. WARNING: May contain pieces of nutshell. Ingredients Ingredients Roasted Almonds, Dark Chocolate (Cocoa Mass, Sugar, Fat-Reduced Cocoa Powder, Soya Lecithin, Flavouring). \ Suitable For Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice For allergens, see ingredients in bold. May also contain milk, peanuts and other nuts. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. After opening consume within 3 months. \ Advisory Information Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g Energy kJ/kcal 2507/606 Fat of which saturates 49g 8.3g Carbohydrate of which sugars 19g 12g Fibre 11g Protein 17g Salt 0g typeId recently-viewed count 6