atchczdedkeseuiefritnlplptroseuk HMB Capsules 500mg Price Regular Price: £16.99 Final Price: £15.29 Save £1.70 Clearance Sale: Now or never QTY 180 Capsules Description HMB Capsules 500mg 500mg of HMB in a convenient capsule form, a popular additional supplement for your post-workout nutritional intake. HMB is an active metabolite of the branched chain amino acid leucine – in other words, it’s one of the chemicals your body produces as it metabolises leucine. Since the 1990s, it’s been a common ingredient in all-in-one shakes. Some people find the taste of HMB unpleasant, so these HMB Capsules help you get a nutritional dose of HMB in an easy-to-eat form – perfect for washing down with your regular post-workout shake. HMB is an abbreviation of beta-hydroxy beta-methylbutyrate. Although it’s similar to leucine, the two are metabolised differently, with HMB being produced by the liver enzyme ketoisocaproate. Increased leucine consumption generally only results in modest increased HMB levels, hence why many trainers choose to supplement both. \ Purpose HMB is a great addition to post-workout formulas, especially in combination with protein, BCAAs, carbohydrates and creatine – which is why these capsules are great for taking with your regular post-workout shake. \ Benefits Post-Workout Perfecton Ideal for taking with your post-workout shake. Incredible Value 100% pure HMB at an incredible price. Directions Directions Consume 6 capsules per day. For example: 2 capsules with breakfast; 2 capsules post-training and 2 capsules before bed. \ Related Products If you are engaging in high intensity exercise you could combine HMB Capsules 500mg with Creatine Monohydrate to increase physical performance. Pure Whey Protein™ would be a perfect partner for HMB Capsules 500mg to aid growth and repair of muscle*. Check our our full range of HMB supplements, including our HMB powder. *Pure Whey Protein is high in protein contributes to the growth and maintenance of muscle mass. Ingredients Ingredients HMB (Beta-Hydroxy Beta-Methylbutyrate Calcium Anhydrous), Capsule (Hydroxypropyl Methyl Cellulose), Anti-Caking Agents (Silicon Dioxide, Magnesium Stearate). \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (6 capsules) HMB (Beta-Hydroxy-Beta-Methylbutyrate Calcium) 3 g typeId recently-viewed count 6