atchczdedkeseuiefritnlplptroseuk Dextrose Price Regular Price: £10.99 Final Price: £9.99 Save £1.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Size 2.5kg 5kg Description Dextrose 100% pure dextrose powder, an excellent source of rapid-digesting carbohydrate, making a perfect addition to any post-workout or recovery formula. Dextrose, also known as glucose, is a simple sugar that is commonly added to sports energy drinks. It’s an ideal carbohydrate source for post-workout periods, and our dextrose powder allows you to add it to your own favourite formula or DIY recovery blend. Dextrose is a monosaccharide derived from corn starch. It’s chemically identical to glucose, meaning your body can skip the process of breaking it down from more complex sugars and absorb it far more rapidly. It’s typically used as an ingredient in post-workout and recovery formulas, mixed with protein, creatine and BCAAs. *Carbohydrates contribute to the recovery of normal muscle function (contraction) after highly intensive and/or long-lasting physical exercise leading to muscle fatigue and the depletion of glycogen stores in skeletal muscle. (The beneficial effect is obtained with the consumption of carbohydrates, from all sources, at a total intake of 4 g per kg body weight, at doses, within the first 4 hours and no later than 6 hours, following highly intensive and/or long-lasting physical exercise leading to muscle fatigue and the depletion of glycogen stores in skeletal muscle.) \ Purpose As a simple carbohydrate that’s ready for your body to absorb, our dextrose powder is suitable for use in pre-, intra- or post-workout formulas, depending on what your body and training regime requires. It works great in combination with protein in pre- and post-workout formulas to ensure you’re getting a balanced intake of protein and carbs. We sell it in this pure powder form for experienced athletes who want to create their own personal, DIY workout and recovery formulas. \ Benefits Energy Boost 23g of quick releasing carbohydrates in a 25g serving. Ready for Recovery* A great ingredient for recovering from an intense workout or competition day. Post-Workout Perfection Ideal in post-workout shakes. Made for Mixing Perfect for mixing with your favourite shakes. Do It Yourself Use it as an ingredient in your personal workout formulas. Incredible Value 100% pure Dextrose at an incredible price. Directions Directions Mix 1/2 scoop (approximately 25g) with 100ml water in a Bulk™ Shaker Bottle. Consume 1-3 servings daily, ideally pre, intra and post-workout. \ Related Products Dextrose is commonly combined with Creatine, Amino Acids and Whey Protein. Ingredients Ingredients Dextrose. \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain milk, eggs, soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a dry cool place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g per serving (25g) Energy kJ/kcal 1547/364 387/91 Fat of which saturates 0g 0g 0g 0g Carbohydrate of which sugars 91g 91g 23g 23g Fibre 0g 0g Protein 0g 0g Salt 0g 0g typeId recently-viewed count 6