plczderochdknlfrseptesateuitukie Glutamine Peptides Price Regular Price: £26.99 Final Price: £6.74 Save £20.25 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Size 500g 1kg Description Glutamine Peptides 100% glutamine peptides powder, providing pure glutamine peptides in a convenient powder form, ideal for mixing with your favourite shakes or DIY workout formula. Glutamine is the most abundant amino acid found in muscle, and a conditionally essential amino acid. Basically, that means that the body can synthesise it naturally, but your body’s levels of glutamine sometimes deplete faster than they can be replenished, such as during strenuous exercise. This glutamine peptides powder provides an easy way to integrate glutamine supplements into your post-workout protein shakes so you’ve always got a steady supply in your nutrition. As the name suggests, Glutamine Peptides is a peptide-bonded form of glutamine, which simply makes the product more stable, particularly when mixed with other ingredients and products. \ Purpose As a quick and easy way of replenishing your body’s glutamine levels, our glutamine peptides powder is an ideal addition to any post-workout shake, whether added to your favourite product or as part of your own personal DIY blend. \ Benefits Pure Potency Contains 100% high quality glutamine peptides. Made for Mixing Ideal for mixing with your favourite shakes and smoothies. Do It Yourself An ideal ingredient if you’re making your own personal supplement formula. Post-Workout Perfecton An ideal addition to your favourite post-workout shake. Directions Directions Mix 1 scoop (approximately 3g) with 50ml water or add to a protein shake. Take 1-3 servings daily. \ Related Products Glutamine Peptides can be combined with other supplements such as BCAA. Check out our other glutamine supplements, including our N Acetyl L Glutamine powder and glutamine powder. Ingredients Ingredients Glutamine Peptides (Wheat). \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice For allergens, including cereals containing gluten, see ingredients in bold. May contain milk, eggs, soya, other cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (3 g) Glutamine Peptides 3g typeId recently-viewed count 6