deieplesitdkcznlroeuchsefratptuk Vegan Protein Brownie Price Regular Price: £2.49 Final Price: £1.59 Save £0.90 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Chocolate Chip Banana Bread Double Chocolate Brownie Peanut Butter Size 60g 12 x 60g Description Vegan Protein Brownie A delicious, high protein vegan brownie delivering premium nutrition with amazing flavour. Each brownie is packed with 15g of protein, making them an ideal for snacking on the go. Made with real chocolate, our Vegan Protein Brownie is a soft, sweet high-protein treat. Rich in protein and a source of fibre, they’re great for hitting your daily protein target without any artificial sweeteners. - A great alternative source of protein to shakes - Soft-baked for an irresistible texture - Made with real dark chocolate \ Purpose Our Vegan Protein Brownies are perfect for anyone with a vegan diet looking for an alternative or additional source of protein as part of their training journey, or anyone looking for a delicious and guilt-free snack. \ Benefits High Protein 15g of protein per brownie, offering an easy way to add in the protein. Full of Flavour Made with real dark chocolate and genuine chocolate chips Sweetened Free from artificial sweeteners Directions Directions A quality option in place of a shake, and a great choice for a snack that boosts your protein intake. Snack it Each bar contains 15g protein, and is made with real dark chocolate, making it a quality vegan snack. We recommend enjoying 1-2 brownies per day. Excessive consumption may cause a laxative effect. \ Related Products Protein Brownies are commonly used alongside other products from our vegan series, such as Vegan Protein Powder, Vegan BCAA and Vegan Omega 3,6,9. You may also be interested in our selection of protein bars, available in a variety of delicious flavours. Ingredients Ingredients Pea Protein, Vegetable Glycerine, Hydrolysed Wheat Protein, Oat Syrup, Dark Chocolate Chips (9%) (Cocoa Mass, Sugar, Emulsifier ( Soy Lecithin), Flavouring), Wheat Flour ( Wheat Flour, Calcium Carbonate, Iron, Niacin, Thiamine), Brown Sugar, Olive Oil, Cocoa Powder, Date Syrup, Soy Protein, Coconut Oil, Gum Acacia, Salt, Raising Agent (Sodium Bicarbonate), Flavouring. \ Suitable For Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice For allergens, including cereals containing gluten, see ingredients in bold. May also contain milk, nuts and peanuts. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place, out of direct sunlight. \ Advisory Information Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g per serving (60g) Energy kJ/kcal 1582/379 949/227 Fat of which saturates 12g 5.0g 7.0g 3.0g Carbohydrate of which sugars 41g 19g 25g 11g Fibre 4.3g 3.0g Protein 25g 15g Salt 1.00g 0.60g FAQs FAQs What are the benefits of eating Vegan Protein Brownies? Everyone loves delicious, gooey chocolate brownies, and now we’ve got a version that’s not only packed with protein, but vegan-friendly too! These best-selling brownies are made with a combination of rice and pea proteins, providing 15g of plant-based protein in a single bar, and they’re also a source of fibre, making them an ideal nutritious snack for vegan athletes on the move. Who should take our Vegan Protein Brownies? Protein bars are suitable for you if you're looking for a high-protein snack to consume during the day, or post-workout. If you're following a regimen that counts on your increasing your protein take, this is a great answer, whether you're vegan or just looking for a plant-based alternative. What does it taste like? Our Vegan Protein bars come in a delicious chocolate coconut flavour, or in a banana flabour! They’re usually sweetened with low amounts of sugar or sugar alternative sweeteners, meaning they’re sweet and tasty. Are there any dietary restrictions? Vegan Protein Bars are suitable for you, regardless of which diet you follow - proof that regardless of your dietary requirements, you can enjoy high-quality and nutritious snacks. What is the shelf life of a Vegan Protein Brownie? Protein snacks come in a wide variety of forms and products, so their shelf life varies from product to product. Typically, most protein snacks have a shelf life of 12 months after production, but you should check the packaging of individual products for a specific Best Before date. typeId recently-viewed count 6