atchczdeeseuiefritnlplptroseukdk Bulk™️ × Millions® Clear Whey Price Regular Price: £34.99 Final Price: £17.49 Save £17.50 Clearance Sale: Now or never Flavour Apple Size 20 Servings Description Bulk™️ × Millions® Clear Whey Since its launch in mid-2021, our Clear Whey Isolate has redefined customers’ whey protein experiences, giving the option of a high-protein, low-sugar shake without the milky taste and texture. Our Bulk™ × Millions® Clear Whey builds on this momentum and combines the amazing functionality and consistency of Clear Whey Isolate with Bulk™ × Millions® most popular flavours. Our Bulk™ × Millions® Clear Whey provides 20g of high-quality protein per serving to contribute to the growth and maintenance of muscle mass. The clean, clear nature of the protein powder enables easy mixing and easy drinking. Bulk™ × Millions® Clear Whey is suitable for anyone seeking a refreshing, delicious protein shake that’s also low in fat and sugar, with an added taste of nostalgia. \ Purpose Our Bulk™ × Millions® Clear Whey offers an incredible 20g protein per serving, whilst being low in fat and sugar. It’s great for anyone, whether you’re an experienced athlete or someone starting out on their training journey. The best time to use our Bulk™ × Millions® Clear Whey is post-workout, simply mix a serving with 350ml water and enjoy! \ Benefits High Protein Each serving provides an impressive 20g of protein. Easy Mixing We have added an antifoam compound to help bring the foaming down quickly. Great-Tasting We have used a number of classic Bulk™ × Millions® flavour profiles in this product. Get ready for a taste sensation! Muscle Maintenance High in protein which contributes to the growth and maintenance of muscle mass. Morning, Noon or Night Great any time of day, whatever your workout regime. Directions Directions Mix 1 scoop (approximately 26g of Millions® Clear Whey with 350ml water in a Shaker Bottle. For best results, after shaking wait approximately 30 seconds for the foam to settle before drinking. Use 1-3 servings daily depending on your protein intake requirements. You can use Millions® Clear Whey throughout the day and in between meals to help boost protein intake. Other common times to supplement with Millions® Clear Whey are prior to and/or after exercise. Clear Whey Isolate can be used as part of a healthy, balanced, diet. Ingredients Ingredients Whey Protein Hydrolysate (Milk), Flavouring, Acid (Citric Acid), Anti-Foaming Agents (Dimethyl Polysiloxane, Silicon Dioxide), Colour (Copper Chlorophyllin), Sweetener (Sucralose). \ Suitable For Vegetarian \ Allergen advice For alergens, see ingredients in bold. May contain eggs, soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g per serving (27g) Energy kJ/kcal 1486/351 401/95 Fat of which saturates 0.8g 0.6g 0.2g 0.2g Carbohydrate of which sugars 6.5g 0.2g 1.8g 0.1g Fibre 8.2g 2.2g Protein 75g 20g Salt 0.35g 0.09g typeId recently-viewed count 6