plateseuptdkchczfrnlukdeseitiero Collagen Hot Chocolate Price Regular Price: £19.99 Final Price: £15.99 Save £4.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Chocolate Size 500g Description Collagen Hot Chocolate Imagine the most comforting, cosy chocolate drink. Every sip is a step towards your protein goals. Seriously? Absolutely. Introducing our Collagen Hot Chocolate. Created to give you pleasure and power in one. Smooth, velvety chocolate and a punchy 20g protein per cup. This really is next-level nutrition. Because we don’t do things by halves, we’ve carefully selected the collagen proteins to create a protein-packed hot chocolate with no compromise on flavour. We’ve used hydrolysed collagen peptides, composed of types 1 and 3 collagen, which have a neutral flavour and blend well at both high and low temperatures. A touch of cocoa powder and some MCTs (medium chain triglycerides) give it a rich, creamy texture. Start your day with a little luxury, take some time out post-workout or wind down with a warming bedtime drink. There’s always a time and a place for this one. \ Purpose If you’re looking for a rich hot chocolate and a healthy hit of protein, our Collagen Hot Chocolate is set to impress. The heavenly aroma, flavour and texture you’d expect, with the added bonus of 20g collagen protein. Please note, that due to the sourcing of the collagen, our Collagen Hot Chocolate is not suitable for those on a vegan or vegetarian diet. \ Benefits Protein packs a punch 20g per cup. So simple to mix Mixes instantly without the need to create a paste. Sip whenever suits Just add hot water and take some time out to enjoy. Deliciously smooth and creamy Silky smooth texture and rich chocolate flavour. Premium protein With types 1 and 3 collagen protein. Directions Directions Enjoy our protein-rich Collagen Hot Chocolate any time of day. Just add 1 scoop (approximately 25g) to your favourite mug, add 200ml hot water, stir well and enjoy. Do not shake. \ Related Products Looking for another collagen supplement to mix up your routine? Try our Collagen Coffee. For a protein-packed boost, explore our full range of protein powdersto support your fitness goals. Ingredients Ingredients Hydrolysed Collagen Peptides (Bovine), Skimmed Milk Powder, Fat Reduced Cocoa Powder, MCT Powder (Medium Chain Triglycerides), Flavouring, Thickener (Xanthan Gum), Sweetener (Sucralose). \ Allergen advice For allergens, see ingredients in bold. May contain eggs, soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a dry cool place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g per serving (25g) Energy kJ/kcal 1582/374 396/94 Fat of which saturates 3.3g 2.7g 0.8g 0.7g Carbohydrate of which sugars 4.8g 3.9g 1.2g 1.0g Fibre 2.7g 0.7g Protein 80g 20g Salt 0.81g 0.20g typeId recently-viewed count 6