plesptdkchitczatiesedenlukrofreu Mass Gainer Price Regular Price: £41.99 Final Price: £27.49 Save £14.50 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Chocolate Caramel Cinnamon Cereal Milk Chocolate Banana Chocolate Cookies Strawberry Vanilla Size 1kg 2.5kg 5kg Description Mass Gainer Our most popular weight gainer formula designed for serious bulking, containing over 500kcal per serving including at least 65g of carbohydrate, 5g of leucine, and 43g of protein from slow and fast release sources. When it comes to building muscle, working out is only the first part. Your body needs protein to build new muscle, as protein contributes to the growth of muscle mass. So our Mass Gainer formula is loaded with a combination of protein from multiple sources, high quality carbs and added leucine – and it’s available in a selection of incredible flavours. Each serving of Mass Gainer gives you over 500kcal in a blend of proteins and carbohydrates. By using a combination of 50% whey protein concentrate and 50% milk protein concentrate, your body gets a range of proteins with different rates of absorption, and we use ultra fine oats rather than sugar-based carbohydrates to give you a high quality energy source while you gain. And to top it off, Mass Gainer contains at least 5g of leucine as well. \ Purpose Mass Gainer is ideal for anyone looking to increase their muscle mass and promote weight gain. If you’re on an intense bulking programme, struggle to put on muscle, or want an easier way to add in the calories every day, this is the formula for you. And if you’re looking for a vegan alternative, check out our Vegan Mass Gainer. \ Benefits Built for Bulking Load up on calories with minimal hassle: Over 500kcal per 135g serving. High in Protein Contains at least 43g of protein per serving from both fast and slow release sources. Energy Boost At least 65g of high quality carbohydrates per serving sourced from ultra fine oats. Muscle Maintenance High in protein which contributes to the growth and maintenance of muscle mass. Post-Workout Perfection Ideal as a post-workout shake after a high-intensity training session, or even in between meals to boost calorie content Directions Directions Mix 4 scoops (approx. 135g) in 400ml of water and shake well, in a Bulk™ Shaker Bottle. Use 1-3 servings per day, whenever additional calories are required. \ Related Products Looking for more gains? Discover our popular range of mass gainers, including Informed Mass and Lean Mass. Need a pre-workout boost to kickstart your session? Check out our Dope Pre-Workout. If you are looking for another pre-workout, browse through our full range. Looking for a classic protein powder? Try our Pure Whey Protein. For an extra boost, add Creatine Monohydrate to your routine. For a quick protein-packed snack to fuel your workout, check out our full range of protein bars. Or if you are searching for a delicious and nutritious addition to your protein shake, have a look at our full peanut butter range. Ingredients Ingredients Ultra Fine Oats, Protein Blend (Whey Protein Concentrate (Milk), Milk Protein Concentrate, Emulsifier (Sunflower Lecithin)), Reduced Fat Cocoa Powder, L-Glutamine, L-Leucine, Flavouring, Sweetener (Sucralose), Thickener (Xanthan Gum). \ Suitable For Halal,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice For allergens, including cereals containing gluten, see ingredients in bold. May contain soya, other cereals containing gluten, mustard, sesame seeds, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g per serving (135g) Energy kJ/kcal 1586/375 2141/506 Fat of which saturates 4.9 g 1.4 g 6.6 g 1.9 g Carbohydrate of which sugars 48 g 1.9 g 65 g 2.6 g Fibre 4.4 g 5.9 g Protein 33 g 45 g Salt 0.19 g 0.26 g \ Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (135g) L-Glutamine 10g L-Leucine 5.9g typeId recently-viewed count 6