chczdedkeseuiefritnlplptroseukat Green Tea Extract Price Regular Price: £21.99 Final Price: £12.09 Save £9.90 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Size 500g Description Green Tea Extract High quality, 100% pure green tea extract in a unique powder form, providing a source of EGCG polyphenols. A well known nutritional supplement, green tea has been popular in China for centuries. This Green Tea Extract Powder provides a high quality source of green tea at unbeatable value, containing a rich supply of catechins and polyphenols. A superior quality form of green tea derived from the Camellia sinensis plant, our Green Tea Extract Powder is a source of polyphenols, including 10% epigallocatechin gallate (EGCG) and 20% catechins. \ Purpose Our Green Tea Extract Powder is ideal for anyone looking for a high quality source of green tea. Or check out our 450mg Super Strength Green Tea Capsules, available in packs of 90 or 270 tablets. \ Benefits 100% Natural Sourced from the Camellia sinensis plant and used in traditional Chinese medicine for centuries. All-Rounder Mix it in with your shakes or smoothies for a nutritional boost. Directions Directions Mix 2/3 of a scoop (approximately 200mg) in 50ml water. Take 1-3 servings daily. WARNING: Do not consume more than 800mg of (-)-epigallocatechin-3-gallate (EGCG) in a day. Do not consume if taking other products containing green tea on the same day. Should not be consumed on an empty stomach. Should not be consumed by pregnant or lactating women and children below 18 years old. \ Related Products Green Tea Extract Powder combines particularly well with other nutrients such as Glucomannan. Looking for a green supplement with a diverse mix of nutrients like Spirulina, Chlorella, and more? Try our Complete Greens. Ingredients Ingredients Green Tea Extract. \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain milk, eggs, soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (200 mg) Green Tea Extract 200mg (-)-Epigallocatechin-3-Gallate (EGCG) 20mg Catechins 40mg Polyphenols 80mg Caffeine 16mg typeId recently-viewed count 6