plptdkatitchnlukdeieroessefrczeu Pure Whey Isolate™ 97 Price Regular Price: £39.99 Final Price: £29.99 Save £10.00 Clearance Sale: Now or never Flavour Unflavoured Size 500g 1kg 2.5kg 5kg Description Pure Whey Isolate™ 97 If you’re looking for a next-level whey protein isolate, this one’s at the top of its game. Increase your protein intake as part of a healthy, balanced lifestyle with our best-in-class Pure Whey Isolate™ 97. This premium protein powder is a real high-performer. Want to see it in action? Shake up a smoothie with seasonal berries, pimp up your porridge or power-pack your pancakes, bake into brownies or get creative with cookies. Keeping it simple? Just add water or milk. There are so many ways with this one. It’s unflavoured, so you can really make it your own. Now let’s crunch some numbers. You’ll find a punchy 29g protein in a single 30g serving. It’s low in fat (0.1g per serving), contains zero sugar and just 112 calories per serving. An impressive 99% of these calories come from protein, and nothing else. If you’re looking for pure protein, this is a winning choice. \ Purpose If you’re looking for a pure protein supplement to enjoy as part of a healthy and balanced lifestyle, this one’s for you. \ Benefits High Protein 29g protein packed into every serving. No sugar and low fat Zero sugar and 0.1g fat per serving. Made for mixing Unflavoured, so you can mix into your favourite shakes. Healthy lifestyle A great choice to increase protein intake, particularly as part of a healthy lifestyle. Morning, noon or night A protein-packed food supplement that can be enjoyed anytime. So versatile Mix into shakes and smoothies or add to baking. Directions Directions Mix 1 scoop (approximately 30g) Pure Whey Isolate™ 97 with 200ml water. We recommend 1-3 servings per day, but in accordance with your own protein requirements. Please note that the high protein content of this product results in foaming. We suggest leaving the shake to stand for 1 minute before consuming so the foam can disperse. You could enjoy a shake in the morning, mix into a smoothie or stir into porridge. Suitable any time of day to increase your protein intake, particularly as part of a healthy lifestyle. \ Related Products As part of a healthy and balanced lifestyle, why not try a protein-packed smoothie and combine Pure Whey Isolate™ 97 with some of your favourite ingredients. Our Peanut Butter, Chia Seeds and Ultra Fine Oats blend beautifully. If you fancy something different, try mixing with our super-powered Complete Greens™ or Complete Fruits™. Looking for more isolateproducts? Check out our Pure Whey Isolate™, Clear Whey Isolate, Natural Pure Whey Isolate™ and Pea Protein Isolate. Need a pre-workout boost to kickstart your session? Check out our Dope Pre-Workout. If you are looking for another pre-workout, browse through our full range. Ingredients Ingredients Whey Protein Isolate (Milk). \ Suitable For Halal,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice For allergens, see ingredients in bold. May contain eggs, soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, mustard, sesame, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g per serving (30g) Energy kJ/kcal 1564/374 470/112 Fat of which saturates 0.3g 0.2g 0.1g 0.1g Carbohydrate of which sugars 0g 0g 0g 0g Fibre 0g 0g Protein 97g 29g Salt 1.70g 0.51g typeId recently-viewed count 6