czrochdknlfrseptesateuitukie Lean Mass Gainer - Strawberry 1kg Price Regular Price: £21.99 Final Price: £14.99 Save £7.00 Clearance Sale: Now or never Description Lean Mass Gainer - Strawberry 1kg A more measured way to load up throughout the day. This precise mass gain formula is for trainers who want to build muscle mass* in a controlled manner. Each 85g serving contains 314kcal, comprising of 37g protein, at least 32g carbohydrate and under 5g fat. If you want to bulk up, you’ve got to pack in the calories, but some people might want to take a more steady approach.The ingredients in Lean Mass Gainer are carefully sourced to provide the nutrition you need in careful measure. The protein is sourced from a combination of whey protein concentrate and milk protein concentrate, meaning you get a mix of fast and slow release proteins, and the carbohydrates come from ultra fine oats. On top of that, we’ve even added glutamine. *Protein contributes to a growth in muscle mass. \ Purpose We designed our Lean Mass Gainer for trainers who want to increase their muscle mass without necessarily piling in the carbs. Each serving’s 328 kcal calorie content places it perfectly between a typical protein shake and traditional mass gainers, which usually contain over 500 kcals per serving. If you think you need a more serious mass gain powder, check out our Mass Gainer formula. \ Benefits Bulk with Balance 328 calories per serving using a 1:1 ratio of protein and carbohydrates. High in Protein 34g of Protein in a single serving. Muscle Maintenance High in protein which contributes to the growth and maintenance of muscle mass. Versatile Can be used post-workout or between meals. Directions Directions Mix 3 scoops (approximately 85g) Lean Mass Gainer with 350ml water in a Bulk™ Shaker Bottle. Use 1-3 servings per day. \ Related Products Additional protein can be obtained via your diet and supplementing with whey protein powders. Other products to consider using Lean Mass Gainer in conjunction with include All In One Recovery post-workout or it can be used alongside Complete T-Booster. Ingredients Ingredients Strawberry Ultra Fine Oats, Protein Blend (Whey Protein Concentrate (Milk), Milk Protein Concentrate, Emulsifier (Sunflower Lecithin)), L-Glutamine, Flavouring, Colour (Beetroot Red), Acid (Citric Acid), Sweetener (Sucralose), Thickener (Xanthan Gum). \ Suitable For Vegetarian \ Allergen advice For allergens, including cereals containing gluten, see ingredients in bold. May contain soya, other cereals containing gluten, mustard, sesame seeds, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g per serving (85g) Energy kJ/kcal 1562/369 1328/314 Fat of which saturates 3.6 g 1.1 g 3.1 g 0.9 g Carbohydrate of which sugars 39 g 2.6 g 33 g 2.2 g Fibre 4.6 g 3.9 g Protein 43 g 37 g Salt 0.20 g 0.17 g \ Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (85g) L-Glutamine 8.4g typeId recently-viewed count 6