atchczdedkeseuiefritnlplptroseuk Vegan Protein Powder Price Regular Price: £16.99 Final Price: £9.99 Save £7.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Caramel Latte Chocolate Cookies Chocolate Orange Chocolate Peanut Strawberry Unflavoured Vanilla White Chocolate Coconut Size 500g 1kg 2.5kg 5kg Description Vegan Protein Powder Ready for an upgrade? We’ve pimped up our original multi-protein vegan blend. Smoother, tastier and a better performer. Because there’s always room for improvement. So what’s the difference? It’s all about the ingredients. We’ve switched brown rice protein for soya protein isolate, which is higher in protein and gives a creamier texture. The ratios of our exclusive multi-protein blend (soya protein, pea protein, pumpkin seed, quinoa flour and flaxseed powder) have been refined for a smoother shake. Making a few tweaks to the flavours, the taste is now richer. With added DigeZyme®, to help break down the protein, this is a winning plant-based formula. *27g of protein per serving links to Unflavoured. \ Purpose Our Vegan Protein Powder is ideal if you’re following a plant-based diet and looking to increase your protein intake as part of a healthy, balanced lifestyle. This is a great (and convincing) alternative to whey protein shakes. \ Benefits High protein Up to 27g of protein per serving*. Vegan friendly A great alternative to dairy proteins. Low sugar Less than 0.6g of sugar per serving. Easy on the stomach Added DigeZyme® to help break down the protein. Full of flavour Choose from a range of delicious flavours (including Unflavoured). Morning, noon or night A protein-packed food supplement that can be enjoyed anytime. Very versatile Mix into shakes and smoothies or add to porridge. Smooth texture Instantised with sunflower lecithin for a smooth consistency. Directions Directions Mix 1 heaped scoop (approx. 35g) with 250ml of water and shake well. We recommend 1-3 servings per day, but in accordance with your own protein requirements. You could enjoy a shake in the morning, mix into a smoothie or stir into porridge. Suitable any time of day to increase your protein intake, particularly as part of a healthy lifestyle. \ Related Products As part of a healthy and balanced lifestyle, why not try a protein-packed smoothie and combine Vegan Protein Powder with some of your favourite ingredients. Our Peanut Butter, Chia Seeds and Ultra Fine Oats blend beautifully.If you fancy something different, try mixing with our super-powered Complete Greens or Complete Fruits. Ready to get creative? Take a look at our protein recipes for ideas and inspiration. Want to enhance your protein shake? Add our Essential Amino Acids. Looking for a vegan protein snack on the go? Try our Vegan Protein Brownie. Or if you prefer a different flavour, try Vegan Protein Blondie. For more vegan protein powder products, check out our Pea Protein Isolate, Soya Protein Isolate and Brown Rice Protein. Ingredients Ingredients Vegan Protein Blend (Pea Protein Isolate, Soya Protein Isolate, Pumpkin Seed Protein, Quinoa Flour, Flaxseed Powder),Flavouring, Emulsifier (Sunflower Lecithin), Sweetener (Steviol Glycosides from Stevia), DigeZyme® Enzyme Complex (Amylase, Protease, Cellulase, Lactase, Lipase), Thickener (Xanthan Gum). \ Suitable For Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice For allergens, see ingredients in bold. May contain milk, cereals containing gluten, mustard, sesame seeds, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g per serving (35g) Energy kJ/kcal 1548/366 541/128 Fat of which saturates 3.6g 0.8g 1.3g 0.3g Carbohydrate of which sugars 13g 1.3g 4.4g 0.5g Fibre 3.5g 1.2g Protein 69g 24g Salt 1.7g 0.61g \ Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (35g) DigeZyme® Enzyme Complex® 105mg FAQs FAQs What are the benefits of using Vegan Protein Powder? Classic protein powder, now available in a plant-based formula. Our Vegan Protein Powder uses our V+ plant-based blend, which uses a combination of 5 vegan protein sources to provide a full protein profile, and it’s available in 9 delicious flavours, so you can get a full intake of powerful protein no matter what your preference. Whether you’re a committed vegan, or just looking to cut down your meat and dairy intake, this powder is ideal. Who should take Vegan Protein Powder? Our vegan protein powder is the ideal option for those on vegan or plant-based diets - but due to its high protein content, it's not just vegans who can benefit. This is an excellent protein variety, easily implemented into any diet. What does it taste like? Our Vegan Protein powder is available in a host of flavours, designed to suit your tastebuds. You can mix our powder with water, or even a plant-based milk, to enjoy the fullness of the flavour throughout the day. Looking for more protein flavours, plant-based and otherwise? Check out our range of chocolate protein powders, vanilla protein powders, banana protein powders, strawberry protein powders, peanut protein powders, cookie protein powders, and coconut protein powders. Are there any dietary restrictions? Vegan Protein Powder is an excellent option for you, regardless of which diet you follow. So even if you're a meat-eater looking for a versatile and fresh protein blend - this is for you. Is vegan protein better than whey? When it comes to our high-quality protein powders, it really is splitting hairs. Both have different nutritional profiles, and whilst our Vegan Protein Powder has the slight edge on protein content (23g vs 22g per serving), our Whey option has 5g of BCAAs per serving. Of course - there's no worries, as we have vegan-friendly Amino Acid supplements available for you too. typeId recently-viewed count 6