chczptplatdedkfreuieesnlukitsero Natural Pure Whey Protein™ Price Regular Price: £38.99 Final Price: £26.99 Save £12.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Chocolate Vanilla Size 500g 1kg 2.5kg 5kg Description Natural Pure Whey Protein™ Pure Whey Protein™ is one of our most popular products. But if you like to keep your nutritional intake as natural as possible, our Natural Pure Whey Protein™ is sweetened with Stevia plant extract. The natural choice if you’re looking to add more protein to your healthy, balanced lifestyle. Ready to get creative? Tie up your apron and add to home-baked cookies, flapjacks and brownies. Bring it to breakfast by mixing into porridge or pancakes. Shake up a smoothie with fresh fruit, nut butter and seeds. Keep it simple and just add water or milk. Whichever you choose, it’s sure to be a winner. Choose from classic Vanilla, Chocolate or Strawberry flavours. You’ll find 22g protein in every serving and less than 116 calories. It’s also low in sugar (less than 1.5g per serving) and low in fat (1.2g per serving). \ Purpose If you're looking to increase your protein intake as part of a natural, healthy and balanced lifestyle, our Natural Pure Whey Protein™ is the ideal choice. \ Benefits High Protein 22g protein packed into every serving. No artificial sweeteners Naturally sweetened with Stevia. Low sugar and low fat Less than 1.5g sugar and 1.2g fat per serving. Smooth texture Instantised with sunflower lecithin for a silky smooth shake. Healthy lifestyle A great choice to increase protein intake, particularly as part of a healthy lifestyle. Morning, noon or night A protein-packed food supplement that can be enjoyed anytime. So versatile Mix into shakes and smoothies or add to baking. Directions Directions Just add 1 scoop (30g) of Natural Pure Whey Protein™ to 200ml of water and shake well. We recommend 1-3 servings per day, but in accordance with your own protein requirements. You could enjoy a shake in the morning, mix into a smoothie or stir into porridge. Suitable any time of day to increase your protein intake, particularly as part of a healthy lifestyle. \ Related Products As part of a healthy and balanced lifestyle, why not try a protein-packed smoothie and combine Natural Pure Whey Protein™ with some of your favourite ingredients. Our Peanut Butter, Chia Seeds and Ultra Fine Oats blend beautifully. If you fancy something different, try mixing with our super-powered Complete Greens™ or Complete Fruits™. l Ready to get creative? Take a look at our protein recipes for ideas and inspiration. Looking for more whey protein products? Check out our Pure Whey Isolate™, Pure Whey Protein™ and Essential Whey Protein. Ingredients Ingredients Whey Protein Concentrate (Milk), Natural Flavouring, Thickener (Xanthan Gum), Sweetener (Steviol Glycosides from Stevia), Emulsifier (Sunflower Lecithin). \ Suitable For Halal,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice For allergens, see ingredients in bold. May contain soya, cereals containing gluten, mustard, sesame seeds, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g per serving (30g) Energy kJ/kcal 1593/376 478/113 Fat of which saturates 4.0g 2.2g 1.2g 0.7g Carbohydrate of which sugars 10g 4.5g 3.0g 1.3g Fibre 2.6g 0.8g Protein 75g 22g Salt 0.38g 0.11g typeId recently-viewed count 6