czrochdknlfrseptesateuitukie Vitamin B12 Tablets 1000mcg Price Regular Price: £5.99 Final Price: £1.49 Save £4.50 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required QTY 180 Tablets 60 Tablets Description Vitamin B12 Tablets 1000mcg High strength vitamin B12 in a convenient tablet form, providing 40,000% of your reference intake in a single, potently dosed supplement. Our Vitamin B12 Tablets 1000mcg offer a high-strength dose of vitamin B12, designed to support normal immune system function and help reduce fatigue and tiredness. Each tablet delivers 1000mcg of vitamin B12, providing exceptional value compared to similar products on the market. Whether you're training hard or managing daily stress, vitamin B12 plays a vital role in maintaining normal immune function, supporting red blood cell formation, and promoting a healthy metabolism for sustained energy. \ Purpose Our Vitamin B12 Tablets 1000mcg are ideal for anyone looking to increase their dietary vitamin B12 intake. They’re great for maintaining both immune function and normal energy-yielding metabolism on your training journey. Vitamin B12 1000mcg are particularly great for vegans and vegetarians, as vitamin B12 is commonly found in meat and dairy products. \ Benefits Pure Potency Provides a higher dosage of vitamin B12 than typical supplements. Easy Nutrition A simple way to add extra nutrition to your diet. Vegan Friendly A great way to add vitamin B12 to a meat-free diet Unbeatable Value Higher dosage than competing products at a lower price. Directions Directions Take 1 tablet per day, preferably with food. Ingredients Ingredients Bulking Agents (Dicalcium Phosphate, Microcrystalline Cellulose), Anti-Caking Agents (Magnesium Stearate, Silicon Dioxide), Vitamin B12 (Methylcobalamin). \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (1 Tablet) Reference Intake of an average adult (%) Vitamin B12 1000μg (Methylcobalamin) 40000 typeId recently-viewed count 6