atchczdedkeseuiefritnlplptroseuk Energy Supplements category sports-nutrition/pre-workout/energy-performance As training sessions are where the stimulus for muscle growth is created, maximising performance in workouts is absolutely vital. To train at your hardest, energy levels need to be high. Bulk™ has a massive range of energy and performance enhancing supplements, all of which will keep you training harder for longer, even to the point where you don’t want to stop! Energy & Performance FAQ'S What are energy and performance supplements? Energy and performance supplements are designed to help keep you training harder for longer. We have an extensive range of ergogenic aids, from Creatine Monohydrate to BCAAs, and Pre-Workouts to essential micro- and macronutrients, all of which play a role in improving athletic performance. How do you use energy and performance supplements? This largely depends on the specific supplement and your goals, though most of our range would require you to take them before a workout in order to maximise performance. What is the best energy supplement for the gym? This would depend on your goals, but our top recommendations would be Pre-Workout Advanced for an all-round performance-enhancer, and Caffeine 200mg 100 Tablets if you want to more accurately dose your caffeine intake before working out for the ultimate physical and mental boost. What is the best energy supplement for running? Due to the nature and mechanics of running and how it may affect your gut, it may be best to opt for either the Pre-Workout Gel, or the Caffeine 200mg 100 Tablets if you want the energy boost with little to no liquid. When should you take an energy supplement? This would depend on the type of activity and duration, as well as what your diet permits. Though the general rule of thumb is to take energy supplements and pre-workouts shortly before your training session begins. However, it may be better to take certain energy supplements before and during long-duration, endurance-focused training. Style plp-secondary-info RELATED CATEGORIES All in one protein Endurance supplement Pre workout Intra workout Post workout Joint support supplements Focus supplements Amino Acid Supplements Style lozenge-list