pleuseatczesptfriedkitnlchrodeuk Protein Spread Price Regular Price: £13.99 Final Price: £12.59 Save £1.40 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Flavour Duo Milk & White Chocolate Hazelnut Milk Chocolate Hazelnut White Chocolate Hazelnut White Chocolate Pistachio Size 500g Description Protein Spread Introducing our Protein Spread, the delicious, creamy, no-added-sugar alternative to your regular supermarket-grade toast-topper. These delightful spread stack up very favourably compared to the spread that you’re used to. Featuring zero palm oil, at least 19g protein per 100g and a huge amount of flavour, they’re here to change up the breakfast game. They are made with real nuts and feature a blend of rapeseed and shea instead of the usual palm. You can choose from a classic Chocolate Hazelnut flavour, branch out with White Chocolate Hazelnut flavour or try something completely new with White Chocolate Pistachio flavour. Protein Spread are great for topping pancakes, porridge and toast as well as for eating straight off the spoon - we promise not to judge! This versatile and delicious snack is suitable for any occasion and will have you coming back to the cupboard to see what else you can add it to. *Contains naturally occurring sugars. \ Purpose Our Protein Spread are perfect for anyone seeking an indulgent, delicious product to complete their breakfast. \ Benefits Versatile Use our Protein Spread exactly like a regular spread or nut butter. Made for Munching A delicious alternative to palm oil-laden supermarket brands. Best in Class Featuring the best ingredients, these spread are a taste sensation. Sustainability Our Planet Over 87% of our pouches are fully home compostable, using a triple-layer of natural cellulose, biodegradable film and FSC-certified paper. Click here to learn more about the Our Planet project. This year alone we’ve made some big changes: Over 90% of all our packaging materials have transitioned to sustainable alternatives. 12 million pieces of single-use plastic removed from our packaging. Over 1 million boxes replaced with FSC certified cardboard. Directions Directions The perfect topping for pancakes, porridge and toast. Warning: Excessive consumption may produce a laxative effect. \ Related Products Check out our full range of protein snacks. Craving a classic peanut butter? Give our Peanut Butter a try! Ingredients Ingredients Vegetable Oils (Rapeseed, Shea, Coconut), Whey Protein Concentrate (Milk) (24%), Sweetener (Maltitol), Skimmed Milk Powder, Pistachios (6%), Emulsifier (Sunflower Lecithin), Flavouring. \ Suitable For Vegetarian \ Allergen advice For allergens, see ingredients in bold. May contain peanuts and other nuts. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. Note: If this spread gets warm during delivery or storage, it will separate and become runny. To resolve, leave in a cool room and give it a stir. \ Advisory Information Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g Energy kJ/kcal 2331/562 Fat of which saturates 41 g 9.9 g Carbohydrate of which sugars 36 g 8.2 g Fibre 0.7 g Protein 21 g Salt 0.15 g typeId recently-viewed count 6