plczieitatptdechnlrodkseesukfreu Krill Oil Softgels Price Regular Price: £19.99 Final Price: £12.99 Save £7.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required QTY 180 Softgels 60 Softgels Description Krill Oil Softgels A potent source of omega 3 essential fatty acids, these are essential because your body can’t produce them on its own – you have to obtain them from your diet or nutritional supplements. Our Krill Oil is extracted from Euphausia Superba krill, which live deep in the Antarctic waters of the Southern Ocean. They’re rich in the Omega 3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and free from contaminants such as heavy metals or pesticides. \ Purpose Our Krill Oil Softgels 500mg are for anyone looking to supplement their regular diet with omega fatty acids. They’re especially good for people whose regular dietary intake limits their access to omega fatty acids. Take regularly as part of a healthy diet and active lifestyle to maintain your nutritional intake. \ Benefits Pure Potency 215mg phospholipids per softgel Optimal Dose Dosed at optimal levels. Directions Directions Take 2 softgels per day, ideally with food. Ingredients Ingredients Lipid extract from the crustacean Antarctic Krill (Euphausia superba) 500mg, Softgel (Gelatin, Sorbitol, Glycerol, Water). \ Suitable For Halal \ Allergen advice For allergens, see ingredients in bold. May contain soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, molluscs, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (2 Softgels) Omega 3 240 mg (EPA 140 mg, DHA 66 mg) Phospholipids 430 mg Choline 50 mg Astaxanthin 100 µg typeId recently-viewed count 6