atchczdedkeseuiefritnlplptroseuk Complete Zen™ Price Regular Price: £39.99 Final Price: £30.99 Save £9.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required QTY 120 Capsules Description Complete Zen™ A multi-ingredient blend of 10 active ingredients to help with relaxation(3), mood(4) and general wellbeing(2), providing almost 3.4g of ingredients in a 4 capsule serving. Complete Zen™ is a different kind of nootropic, designed for anyone who needs a brief moment of calm during their intense, stressful lifestyle. Its unique blend of herbs, amino acids, minerals and adaptogens combine to create a calming supplement that contributes to normal cognitive function(4), nervous system function(6), emotional balance and wellbeing(2), and helps to support relaxation(3) and positive moods(4). Complete Zen™ contains 10 unique active ingredients, potently dosed to provide an incredible 3.4g of active ingredients in a regular 4 capsule dose. Each ingredient plays a unique role in Complete Zen™ combining to create a comprehensive calming supplement. Lemon Balm Extract (4:1 Extract) Lemon balm, or Melissa officinalis, is a common lemon-scented perennial herb native to Europe. It’s a popular supplement, credited to help maintain positive mood and good cognitive function(4). KSM-66® Ashwagandha (5% Withanolides) KSM-66® is a branded, full-spectrum extract of the root of the Ashwagandha plant, also known as Indian ginseng or Winter cherry. Ashwagandha has adaptogenic properties, credited with supporting mental and physical capacities in cases of fatigue (8). Inositol Often referred to as vitamin B8, Inositol is a compound commonly found in the heart and brain tissue. It can be obtained through your diet from fruit such as oranges, and can also be synthesised in the kidneys. Panax Ginseng (5% Ginsenosides) Also known as Korean ginseng, Panax ginseng is an ancient herb that has been used for thousands of years, containing active components known as ginsenosides. L-Theanine L-Theanine is a non-essential amino acid that’s naturally found in green tea. It’s gained increasing popularity in recent years as an alternative to the kava kava herb. Turmeric Extract (95% Curcuminoids) Turmeric has been used for centuries as a culinary ingredient as well as an Ayurvedic medicine. Complete Zen™ features a potent extract, standardised to content 95% curcuminoids, the highest concentration currently available on the market. Phosphatidyl Serine Phosphatidyl serine is a phospholipid that plays a key role in cell cycle signaling. Magnesium An essential mineral that contributes to numerous processes in the body, including cognitive function1 and nervous system function(6). AstraGin® AstraGin® has gained increasing attention in nutritional circles in recent years. A blend of root extract from Astragalus membranaceus and Panax notoginseng plants, it’s commonly touted as an alternative to black pepper extract. Affron® Saffron Extract (3.5% Lepticrosalides) One of the most luxurious spices in the world, we included Affron®’s premium Crocus sativus extract for its ability to contribute to emotional balance and positive moods(7). \ Purpose Our Complete Zen™ supplement is an ideal product for anyone who lives an intense, stressful lifestyle and would like a comprehensive nutritional tablet to help with calming and relaxation. 1 Magnesium contributes to normal psychological function. 2 Withania somnifera contributes to the emotional balance and general wellbeing. 3 Withania somnifera helps to support relaxation, mental and physical wellbeing. 4 Melissa officinalis helps to maintain positive mood and good cognitive functioning. 5 Ashwagandha has adaptogenic properties. 6 Magnesium contributes to the normal functioning of the nervous system. 7 Crocus sativus contributes to emotional balance, helps to support relaxation and maintain a positive mood. 8 Withania somnifera helps to maintain physical and mental capacities in cases of weakness, exhaustion, tiredness, and loss of concentration. \ Benefits Stress Reliever Designed as a comprehensive calming supplement Optimal Doses Every ingredient is dosed to optimal levels. Combined Action By blending unique ingredients with different purposes, you get the best potential in a single supplement. Pure Potency With almost 3.4g of active ingredients, no other calming supplement is as potently dosed. Directions Directions Take 4 capsules per day, whenever a period of calm is required. \ Related Products Complete Zen™ can be taken alongside multivitamins such as Complete Multivitamin Complex can also be used with this product. Only looking for magnesium instead of a combination? Try our Magnesium Tablets 500mg. Ingredients Ingredients Ashwagandha (Withania somnifera) Extract (KSM-66®), Inositol, Capsule Shell (Hydroxypropyl Methyl Cellulose), Panax Ginseng Extract, Magnesium Citrate, Lemon Balm (Melissa offcinalis) Extract, Turmeric Extract, Sunflower Lecithin (50% Phosphatidyl Serine), L-Theanine, Extract from Panax notoginseng and Astragalus membranaceus (AstraGin®), Anti-Caking Agents (Magnesium Stearate, Silicon Dioxide), Saffron Extract (affron®). \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain soya, cereals containing gluten, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a cool dry place. Replace lid after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (4 capsule) Reference Intake of an average adult (%) Lemon Balm 120 0mg (from 300 mg 4:1 Extract) KSM-66® Ashwagandha (5% Withanolides) 600 mg Inositol 500 mg Panax Ginseng Extract (5% Ginsenosides) 400 mg L-Theanine 200 mg Turmeric Extract (95% Curcuminoids) 200 mg Phosphatidylserine 100 mg Magnesium 100 mg 27 AstraGin® Extract from Panax notoginseng and Astragalus membranaceus 50 mg Affron® Saffron Extract (3.5% Lepticrosalides®) 28 mg typeId recently-viewed count 6