atchczdedkeseuiefritnlplptroseuk Whole Cashew Nuts Price Regular Price: £14.99 Final Price: £11.24 Save £3.75 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Size 500g Description Whole Cashew Nuts 100% whole, skin-on, unroasted, unsalted cashew nuts, an ultra convenient and delicious source of protein. Our Whole Cashew Nuts are cashew nuts in their purest and most natural form – skin-on, unroasted, unsalted. And with 18g of protein per 100g, they’re a source of protein and a great way to contribute to muscle mass maintenance with raw, natural nutrition. Our Whole Cashew Nuts are both an excellent source of protein and a delicious, ultra convenient snack perfect for any time of day. They’re also great for use in cooking, and as a topping for salads and curries. \ Purpose Our Whole Cashew Nuts are perfect for anyone looking for an easy and delicious snack at any time of day. Edible straight from their foil-fresh pack, they’re a great option for anyone who wants to increase their protein consumption to help growth and maintenance of muscle mass. \ Benefits Source of Protein With 18g of protein, our cashew nuts are an excellent way to add protein into your diet. 100% Natural Whole cashew nuts, skin-on, unroasted and unsalted. Muscle maintenance Source of protein which contributes to the growth and maintenance of muscle mass. Versatile Nutrition A great choice both as a snack and for use in cooking. Morning, Noon or Night Perfect for pre-workout, post-workout, or any other time of day. Directions Directions Great in porridge and granola or eaten as a snack. WARNING: Nuts may be a choking hazard for small children. Ingredients Ingredients Cashew Nuts. \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice For allergens, see ingredients in bold. May also contain traces of other nuts and peanuts. \ Storage Store in a dry cool place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. Nutrition Nutrition per 100 g Energy kJ/kcal 2374/573 Fat of which saturates 48g 9.5g Carbohydrate of which sugars 18g 4.6g Fibre 3.2g Protein 18g Salt 0g typeId recently-viewed count 6