czeuplnlseroatdefritukchdkesptie Acetyl L-Carnitine Price Regular Price: £14.99 Final Price: £10.99 Save £4.00 Big Bulk™ Savings: Up to 75% off - no code required Size 100g 500g Description Acetyl L-Carnitine One of our most popular supplements, providing 100% pure acetyl l-carnitine (ALCAR) powder, known for its blood brain barrier crossing abilities. Our Acetyl L Carnitine is a 100% pure powder and incredible value for money. A popular supplement for over a decade, it can effectively cross the blood brain barrier due to its high purity. Acetyl l carnitine is a naturally occurring amino acid compound, composed of acetic acid and l-carnitine bound together. Our ALCAR Powder has been rigorously tested to ensure it meets our standards and is of the highest quality, while still offering incredible value for money. \ Purpose Our Acetyl L-Carnitine powder is perfect for anyone looking to add the acetyl l-carnitine amino acid compound into their diet. \ Benefits Made for Mixing Unflavoured, so you can mix it with your favourite formulas. Incredible Value High purity nutrition at a low price. Pretty Popular One of our most popular supplements for over a decade. Directions Directions Mix 1 slightly heaped scoop (approximately 750mg) with 200ml water in a Bulk™ Shaker Bottle. Consume 2-3 servings per day, ideally on an empty stomach. This product may contain a silica bag - do not eat. \ Related Products Acetyl L Carnitine combines effectively with other nutrients such as Glucomannan Powder, Green Coffee and Green Tea Extract. Looking for more options? You may also be interested in our full range of fat burners. Ingredients Ingredients N-Acetyl L-Carnitine Hydrochloride. \ Suitable For Halal,Vegan,Vegetarian \ Allergen advice May contain milk, soya, cereals containing gluten, mustard, sesame seeds, sulphur dioxide and sulphites. \ Storage Store in a dry cool place. Reseal pouch after use. \ Advisory Information Food supplements are not intended to replace a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Do not exceed the recommended usage. Keep out of reach of children. Although every care has been taken to keep product information up to date on our website, please always read the information provided on product label or packaging before use. The actual results of consuming dietary supplements may differ from those implied. Individuals may respond differently, and the suggested results presume appropriate nutrition and training plan. Nutrition Active Ingredients Ingredient Per Serving (750 mg) N-Acetyl L-Carnitine Hydrochloride 750 mg of which L-Carnitine 500 mg typeId recently-viewed count 6